what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
good luck in your search for your perfect match .
i went out with my ex for three years and then he/she cheated .
work at it and do not let him keep you locked up at home .
other than two questions , ask him just once in awhile .
also , men get bored and tired a long time before women do .
it is another way to say that they do n't like you .
king has a song about this , it is called `` only your mother loves you . ''
he loves you as well , but only time can tell what will happen .
he wants me to change my appearance .
i relish the fact that i have someone to come home to .
sex can feel great ; but , you have to be careful .
do you want all your friends to be with you forever ?
it does not mean that you are a loose woman .
you could try dancing at a club .
do not go any place you went with him or her .
there is plenty to do and they are a lot of fun .
it all depends on when you are ready .
stay 100 miles away for this man .
you have to be prepared that if it happened one time , it can happen again .
i am looking for the girl who want to spend time with me .
at least not until he gets another woman friend .
the wife says , `` we do not wear that . ''
if you are asking , then you should break up with him/her and then open yourself up to other options .
why do homosexuals want to get married ?
do you have to rush the choice ?
both of them do not respect your feelings .
no seriously , think about how many arrogant women are out there .
she is too shy to ask him out .
get a brain , how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with .
i would ask you out , but i live in oregon and have no idea where you live .
they have never performed before , and it doubles the pleasure .
i will probably go and see one of them .
send me an e-mail at honorarius @ yahoo.com , and i will let you know .
i am a girl so i am will to help you out .
do not inform them but allow them to discover it once you are in bed with her .
if i would have kept my last name . it is merely a name .
i rarely see him in school either , i typically see him at my brother 's basketball games .
he is stating that to some women as well . he is a lothario .
leave him , there are plenty of men out there .
i know this because i have a similar personality to your wife .
when she calls , text her back instead .
no , i am 5ft 4inches and he is 6ft and 2inches .
do n't you know the cardinal rule is to never trust anyone ?
we have tried to break-up a couple of times , but it does not happen .
also some who are thin and skinny because these days anorexic girls are attractive .
you would use your erect penis to penetrate her vagina .
in that case , you should take some defense classes .
i just ended a three-year relationship with the father of my baby .
what happened when the politician ingested viagra ?
hello , my name is xxxx has been working for me for years .
i can only state that women are complicated .
we enjoy a gentle approach and a tiny bit of chasing .
you would actually be surprised at the kind of people that go to them .
it is invigorating , especially when you meet each other again after texting for several months .
i am in new york currently , i 'd love to show you around if you 'd like .
it sounds strange , but it worked in 3 - 5 days .
do n't worry , i do n't have that many option myself .
why does it matter what the think , if they do n't even take the effort to get along or spend time together ?
you have a good man , if he is .
you will know if he is attracted to you !
i suppose it is normal , but i would just move on .
i am attracted to any man that is funny .
only you can decide on this , woman .
do not go telling everyone , just because you think that is the right thing to do .
a ten-year gap is just nice .
then move on if he still does not like you .
that is because they feel insecure with less educated men .
for one thing , there goes your job if it does not work out .
and i just pray that it never passes !
it is only the ones that are not worth your time .
you guys do not have any reason to hate each other .
if you do not , you will always wonder .
some people choose not to due to their religion , others do not .
give it a chance , if you break up with them it will be harder to remain friends .
best of luck !
men who were not ready to commit .
this is a big day in both of your lives and it should not be done quickly and without thought .
one man willing to move twenty-one hours and fourteen hundred miles just to be with me .
i must not be unattractive enough .
that is alright , i am a giver .
it depends on what the woman wants .
remember that it takes two , not one .
remain until the tavern closes , or visit a prison .
because , believe it or not , women hate cocky men .
stick with what 's inside of you .
it happened to me twice .
maybe you 're young , i do n't know .
no matter what he says , actions speak louder than words .
i like a big boned girl .
do not sell yourself , even if he is rich .
i just moved to sacramento . i am a homosexual male , age 30 .
the people around you , including friends , should like you for who you are .
they like tiny women .
wait until you are older , and if you have the same feelings then you should go for it !
i am not that type of person , however i know plenty of people like that .
if you have to ask , then that is a negative .
they are woman enough for a man , but they are n't as sophisticated as us .
does this mean that he likes me ?
i dated someone like that , so i know .
observe the way that she walks .
no , or any event i hope it is not so .
i would like to visit your country .
should i provide him with another chance at some point in time ?
do you want to be in a relationship with the same man ?
i went and there he was .
that is what i called it , but why ?
that way you can still go by your last name !
i have told her that i liked her and she said she would not want to ruin the friendship .
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
show her your naked baby pictures .
but i am not telling you that you have to be celibate until then .
if he is flirting with her , then okay , jump him .
i enjoy curly hair . i like running my fingers through it .
i want my wife to grow as well .
i suppose that is merely the way it is .
i can simply stop caring about him and forget about him as though he meant nothing to me .
but he was rather busy after that .
i do not know what to do because she knows how much i care about him .
if you do eat something like that , then quit .
it could be that you need to urinate or a by-product of your last dream .
if he wants to wear my pants , he only has to ask .
if you were friends before and now have stronger feelings , then it should be alright .
also , i would like to try again .
decide which style of arrangements and flowers that you would like .
lie , lie , lie and then lie some more .
wait until you find that out for certain and then move on from there .
he should not care if you are at a dance together .
trust him and do not bring it up again .
most women are waiting for a man to tell her his true feelings .
i frequently think about this issue .
i met a man one time in a huge rainstorm . it was very romantic .
some men like women like that and some do not .
it comes between three-play and five-play .
i feel senseless when i fall in love .
you are not in love if you have to ask .
if you begin to feel it happening , then start the foreplay again .
i do not understand . someone please give me the answer .
i saved $ 500-600 by doing my own flowers and it was simple .
but ask a woman about the symptoms , because i am a man .
be genuine for the most part , but show some toughness , as that is what most women appreciate .
obey your feelings , they are never wrong .
they bother you all day .
see if he calls , sends an email , or even cares .
you can do a civilian arrest answer .
usually , it is a spasm in your back .
by now , you might love your wife after everything you have endured together .
good luck , and i hope everything goes well !
tell them `` i love you . '' it will tell you everything , if they wait to say it back .
attempt to ask her out again and notice her response .
there is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
ask her questions and do not monopolize the conversation .
remember , there is more than one .
i think they look better than many of the nations that exist .
we got married all over again .
all in all , i do not think it matters .
i am sure not driving five hours to hang out unless i truly like her .
how often can you have intercourse with pam anderson ?
i told her that i loved her and i truly meant it .
consider what good it brought about .
the think is , i am a person that does not like to break people 's hearts .
giver her a rose and express your love .
i prefer a think one over a thin one .
we will always find a life partner , that is why we usually attract someone with an opposite personality .
what are you talking about ?
if you have to keep talking to him for another week , he may think that you two are married .
women do n't need that much , just to be acknowledged and helped occasionally .
it seemed like that to me anyway .
do not be afraid to say no .
let him go as there are always more fish in the sea .
it really does not matter , but i am fine with a handful .
pick the one who loves you the most .
you released a thousand .
you can go to a bar and get intoxicated .
just give it some time and thought .
you should not leave them . teach them what to do to please you better .
you are speaking the truth .
kiss when you are ready .
julesac is funny and mean .
it seems that you have distanced yourself from her but are still friends .
do no try to figure it out , that is just the way it is .
i do not know . but i know of another website i visit .
alright , it depends how much feeling you have for this man .
he must be controlling .
it all depends on how interested the woman is , in the man .
try to get out and meet people .
usually it is not just one thing , it is multiple .
if you really admire them .
this question is for the men . ( a ) what size woman do you prefer ?
it is not worth it , if all you do is argue .
the right woman will come along if you are patient .
you can do more sexual things with your wife and it is not a sin .
i want sex here and there .
women are more passionate during sex .
maybe because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen .
it really depends on if someone is vain or not .
i want someone that i can be myself with .
send me your picture and contact me .
stay away from the guy-friend .
the doctor can not even believe it .
do not sweat it .
i could give you some advice ?
if your love is fading , do something about it .
i will not be with someone who lost my trust .
only once have i told a girl that i loved her , and i meant it .
you married him for a reason .
you should rip off your shirt and do a tarzan style yell .
do not have sex .
it is acceptable in their culture .
always go with a friend .
you did not give us good information . do you all live in the same house ?
looks are not everything and you should move on .
the most important thing is to be yourself .
i am sorry but i have never felt that way .
i sure would not like any woman who makes my life difficult .
or if he gets the tickets , then you get the popcorn .
practice , then ask how you are doing .
but , if you are sure then tell your parents first if you have not done so already .
i met mine in a carnival .
it sounds like a rhetorical question .
i believe everybody should keep their own name .
but your first kiss should feel like you are in heaven .
there is only trouble there .
i would like to know how to make a woman happy . can you give me some advice ?
do not do anything that can hurt you .
of course you will make more money if you work hard .
please do not go up to her and tell her how attractive she is .
i do not believe that is a good idea , you are not there for that purpose .
walk up to her and say `` hello , are you single ? `` .
i believe that he would make a great valentine .
you should be prepared to let her go .
instead of just sitting there and waiting until you are a good one .
get a massage , and leave it all , haha..
well , if you really enjoy this boy , smile and speak politely with him .
take both of them out at the same time .
it happened to me and i am now seeing that person .
there are only two ways to make acquaintances .
you might be finished searching for the class of men that think the world of you .
preferably , someone who does n't dislike you .
we attempted to move on , but it did n't occur .
i would not take the trouble to call him back .
attempt not to spend time with him and search for another man .
search for another attractive woman and she will be jealous .
therefore , in my opinion , you are not promiscuous .
colors have associations with feelings .
if she likes him over you , you should dump her . it is not his fault she is unfaithful .
if you do not contact me after 3 days , i might start to forget about you .
you will find a girl who has talents and is attractive .
there is no one you can trust more then a good friend .
start the day with breakfast and a good walk .
if she says yes , pick her up .
why do i hear some girls say that flowers are not going to last ?
it might be interesting for them .
could it ever be the same ?
it is not that bad ; at least it is not bella .
or you could just tell her and then have one of those fairy tale romances .
finally , a culture that has it correct .
my twin will not talk nor listen to me .
go ahead and get something that you can not get rid of .
i am not thinking about him , but i am having dreams with him in them .
i think it would be passable for you to get a video/computer game .
if he can not , then take him to a place where they have music to slow dance to , or a dinner date .
i feel as if this is the most beautiful thing about family life .
it is your choice not to hate one . i dislike them , to say the least .
you should never get married without a prenuptial agreement .
you should pursue an active life and not waste my time .
is she saying the thinks you are too good for her ?
relationships with men end , but friends are forever .
it could mean any number of things .
it is normal , because there are a lot of people who still like someone that they broke up with .
i would like to see what an african-american has to say about this .
men are daft , who knows why they do what they do .
you do not have to wait at all , if they gave you their phone number .
because we were , masters of the universe .
i am in love and i do not care who it , buddy the elf .
do not try to have both of the at once , no matter what .
if you truly wanted to be with him , you would not have to ask .
remember , being friends with someone online is okay , however , there are limits .
when my sister kisses someone , she closes her eyes to get prepared .
small party for the family .
girls are perverts , they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly .
i 'm only in fifth grade .
but you do what you want .
do not do that , it will not work .
it is time to move on if they do not .
he has everything that i could ever want , handsome , financially secure , etc .
it is bad luck to see the bride before the wedding .
no , she is n't lying .
he has his nose pierced .
i ca n't lift him , and he is only 185 pounds .
you should have a therapist for that .
perhaps some vulgar young men enjoy the younger asian ladies .
you should make an appointment with a therapist !
giving you ridiculous excuses , off of the wall ! acting differently than he did before !
be tough and hang in there .
absolutely not , he is too hefty and i am undesirably frail .
basically , it is very unattractive if she is so inebriated that she becomes a promiscuous ragamuffin .
you do not have to especially if you do not feel like it .
he dribbles , shoots , and scores two points .
giving it up just for him to stay with you is like selling your soul to the devil .
i can not give you a wife view , but hopefully mine is just as good .
it also takes the pressure off of me to ask someone .
it depends on the woman , but it is better shaved .
please ask the question in english ; i am unable to understand you .
hello , i am a male , but i will tell you a little bit .
i do like him a lot and i want to win him over , not push him away .
i like this man ; however , i am uncertain whether he also likes me .
your avatar looks familiar to me .
i just can not seem to move on even after six months .
perhaps he is concerned about rejection , and you should act as i would , which is to ask .
you must think about that , which should help you decide whether you can trust him .
a picture of the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated , that is special .
i am in college and he is my only source of income until i graduate .
i have been with this girl for 8 months and we have not kissed , is that bad ?
some guys do not like breasts at all .
or that she just desires to go out with other people ?
and he has seen me every day for approximately four or five years !
there was his stop so he left the train .
i know , however , what i want in a relationship .
consider flirting and sending flowers and candies to yourself , and he may then ask you out .
also , i dislike it when my father is unhappy .
i feel bad because i know that i do snore sometimes . do n't most people ?
i like scott and need to know if i am in love .
if the two of you truly love each other , then you can work out all of your disagreements .
because neither one of you have the guts to call it quits yet .
however , that certainly does not mean that big girls ca n't be cute .
he is getting married this month .
those men are dolts and you do not want them anyway .
get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years .
a man has a penis , and a woman has a clitoris .
you need to separate the bad thing and move on .
if she tells the administration , i will be expelled because it is pakistan , and not america .
you should get to know her , and one of you will ask the other out .
maybe you and i can gt together sometime . perhaps even find love in one another .
i would be , but i am married .
play the field a little bit .
as everyone said , do n't get married so early .
i just want to know , have you been to the doctor yet ?
pay attention to what the other person says .
simply communicate with your spouse about this .
if you are interested in sixth graders , you are obviously young .
ask them if they would like to go somewhere with you .
i would like a trip to an amusement park , or a museum .
do boys prefer bigger women ?
i like him .
should i break up with him because of his mother ?
i accidentally did this before and my friend was mad that i deleted him !
i do not think i mind either way .
but that is her way . you could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open .
there are some that do but you should be able to tell .
are you referring to your avatar ?
i do not recall ever giving a girl a christmas gift unless i cared for her .
i do not know what to do .
attempt to be authentic and do not act ostentatiously .
simply proceed one step at a time . consider how he lost a something positive .
compliments , honesty , and focus on her .
i think he will crush him !
it means she is interested in him .
please try . i think you will be slapped mid-reach , or kicked in the groin .
she and i are both divorced .
does she want to see a picture of you right away ?
it is better then giving her a fake number .
she need to move to massachusetts .
if you feel so strongly about it , perhaps you should not get married .
from the photographs i have seen , i would say maui or the bahamas .
the man i like is angry with me .
you are 13 , do not concern yourself with it .
do not worry about calling him too much .
i am a guy and we like to chase women .
thank you in advance .
we always seems to push away the ones that we love .
they think that they can control other people 's lives .
that is odd , but perhaps , i will talk to my friend by his locker .
if a man cares about you , then he will call .
what is a special gift that i may give my future brother in law on his birthday ?
it is probable he does not want to either .
some men do , others do not .
the timing with the older man was not right , you will see .
generally kind and i will be disappointed if she is stupid .
it is one of the gifts that we are always able to give ourselves .
i do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible ?
do not allow her to dominate your life for she will simply have to learn to deal with it .
i have yahoo email , and that works for me .
i would suggest not worrying about it overmuch .
yes , the promiscuous women never had a chance .
when you can pass gas in front of the one with whom you are in a relationship .
it depends on their age .
any man that says that he would , is probably not being entirely honest with himself .
if you philander him , then the challenge is not there .
if you need you ex emotionally , then you are going to have some troubles .
she does not have to be younger than you , 20-32 will do .
try to use your brain and not your manhood , maybe she does not love you .
there are plenty of cheap ides out there ; you just need to find what you like and work at it .
if you are skeptical about the performance piece of it , then do not do it .
try another woman and if it fails , then move back .
most often that will be guys around your age .
if you act like that all the time she might think you are desperate .
not everyone on here is in school .
should i make the first move or should i wait for him to make the first move ?
after a while you do n't even see the color .
i have n't tried it yet but i am still trying to get up the nerve .
if you two are serious , asking her that question should n't bother her .
ask her out , what 's up with that ?
would you like to go out with me sometime ?
i tell you , those were good times .
it is all about her . no , it should not be something that happens on a first date .
do you honestly want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time ?
you are too good for them .
it depends on the age , but cds or dvds .
twenty years down the road , that is all you can be . so , start from the beginning .
i would like to visit the united states of america . what things would i need .
you sound like a very lovely person , do not let these women drag you down .
you do not look , just go out , enjoys yourself , have fun , and a special woman will come along .
do not pursue it , he is getting married .
clear liquid turns yellow when it has dried .
when she starts to close her eyes , kiss her on the lips . the rest is up to you !
please be honest with me . i can handle the truth .
it shows you how much they care about you .
tell her that you love her and miss her .
some enjoyable things to do include having coffee , lunch , site seeing , playing in the park , going to a movie matinee or museum or just walking , talking and playing .
what you want is a prostitute and you can find that in any corner of the world .
now we do so many things together and i do not know what to do .
if it fails , then you will be up a creek without a paddle .
at least for me , it has been the best thing .
the worse thing he could have done , and did , was recently cheat on me .
if you are happy , then she should be happy . unless , he really is being bad to you .
we like it when men think about us , and perform tasks for us .
maybe he will call you back eventually , if you give him space .
tell him that you do not want a real relationship .
if you look creepy when you stare , the will think that you are leering .
i do not know about love but he certainly cares for you .
if a man truly respects you then he will understand .
consult yourself and come to a decision . if you can afford it then do it if you are inclined .
because he is the superhero that most resembles an average man .
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if there are more positives than negatives .
it is not wise to date work colleagues .
let it take its course .
you are asking what their stance is about gay relationships ?
i asked him if he was blowing me off .
guys will think you are attractive no matter what .
i do not think that not having sex with him will make him unfaithful toward you .
marriage is really about trust and communication .
ok , i have had this problem too .
what did you kiss ?
could you trust him before ?
do not make her hate you just to get your point across .
where have you been meeting these filipinas ?
that way , you are not telling them what you specifically do not like about them .
if he is , then go ahead .
then , see if she is open for dinner and a movie .
hello , i apologize , i do not know . i wish the best of luck to the both of you .
however , every now and then , i find him looking at me .
this is sin , we started this .
fun includes eating meals , and i do not mean breakfast .
make a nice gesture , if there is no response , you will know what to do !
let him approach you first . if you approach it will make you look obsessive of him .
i prefer you not marry .
i lived him very much , and he loved me too . that is my love story .
you appear desperate and you wil never find someone if you are desperate .
he says we are just friends .
looks do not matter unless you are trying to prove something .
i know that once you have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .
the fact that a guy is self centered is a huge red flag to me .
do not rush it and feel all your emotions come alive .
it is a two-way street until you get in a relationship with them , and then you know which way it will be .
you have one child . are you married ?
how can i stop being overtly fastidious about people ?
perhaps some women would say that it hurts a lot .
that man is the right choice . i am going to ask him to go out with me .
so it was a excellent idea .
if she gets intoxicated then it is not a turn off .
because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly .
i would prefer if they left me alone , and i apologize that i got off-topic .
ask her to go do something that she is interested in , or see a movie that she would like .
ha , ha . too bad it is not automatic , like msn or aol .
that is how they will respond , so yes . this is a bad situation for you and for him .
go back to that person at once before it is too late !
i , too , want to smack the smile off of her face !
ask him is he wants to dance with you .
she may think that looks unattractive . in my opinion , blue looks better .
ask him if you should go see a doctor .
i did not go out with him for a second date .
firstly , why was the relationship not terminated ?
delay for what reason ? proceed to accomplish your intent .
in the event he has no objection , what other person has a relevant viewpoint ?
i believe i persist in feeling all-consuming romantic love for him .
i wished to never again have sexual activity .
it is critical that you do not seek revenge again the one who wronged you
i do not think you are ready if you have to ask other people .
i say those things and i am female .
you can save money with respect to flowers .
you will know in time , and i recommend seeing what happens for six months .
either that , or you are the only one he has a chance of having sex with .
well , from your list , i would have to choose `` spiderman '' .
i was cheated on for three of those years .
all seniors believe freshman girls are loose . it is sad , but true .
if he says yes , then you can tell him .
impress her with affection and love .
if you have , what was it like ?
celebrate valentine 's day with happiness , gift-giving , and fun .
and i mean really be her friend .
sounds like a rhetorical question : )
i do n't want to be mean .
because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly .
lets get coffee and chat and take it from there !
i also hate seeing my dad unhappy .
ask him to go see a doc .
besides do n't you think he has enough to worry about ?
but i dont think that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you .
anyway my question is ... . will i always feel that way ?
but he might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming & teasing .
and i want to try again .
not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman ,
well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him .
i do n't know about love , but he likes you for sure
i can only say ... women r complicated ...
i know i 'm overtly picky about people how can i stop it !
it does sound a little girlie .
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad
that 's if u both agreed on doing this .
well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
also sometimes guys think they dont need you so bad until your gone .
but if a guy asks u dont be afraid to say no .
do i want to be in love ?
if you look creepy and you look..they 'll all think you 're leering .
confusing ... yeah , i think your right .
how do i get my sweetheart to show me he loves me
if u really really really really really really like them
( even if he is rich , dont sell ur self .
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down .
i dont know.but i know of another website that i go to..
no seriously , think about how many cocky girls are out there .
without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty .
then he said do you want some of my chapstick ?
you never let a man mistreat you
nope , he 's too darned big and i 'm too darned weak !
and if he says yes than you can tell him .
what was the mistake that you did
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ) .
we fall in love they treat us bad why are we there
and if you have , what was it like ?
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off .
only if you want it to be .
it 's like breaking a drug habit .
oh man i should do that when im dating next time !
but you do what you want .
it sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
do n't let her rule your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
if he does n't then there are too many fish in the sea .
no single man can give you what you really want .
that said u need to figure out yourself if u want to stay married to him .
start with a basic everyday question and go from there : )
ask if they wan na go somewhere with you .
trust him , do n't bring it up again .
: ) i have n't tried it yet , but i am still trying to get up the nerve ... .
just find one that loves you too .
come to my town ill be your girl ... .
stay 100 miles away from this guy .
it 's your choice not to hate one , i dislike them to say the least .
i would say around 3 or 4
he 's telling that to some girls too ... he 's a womanizer..
probably because i knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until i met my wife .
and whatever you do , do n't try to have both of them at once .
sex is not the only thing important in life damn it ! ! ! ! !
i have yahoo email and that works for me .
fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what i mean ) .
but he was a lil busy after that .
and that will be just s*x !
please do n't go up to her and tell her how good she looks .
sounds like u r going through a lot right now .
but ask a girl about the symptoms because i 'm a boy .
i always felt the same way , but i met my true love and my views changed !
but -- there 's no better person to marry someday than your best friend !
i dont wanna just randomly go up nd be like go out with me ?
you sorta stuck yourself out there to get hurt , unless you know him fairly well .
no good or bad is your personal belief on something .
they bother u all day long .
go to hawaii ... ha ha ha or ... .pay someone ... lol
i can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night 's trash ... ... ..lol
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry ?
if she sits on your best friends lap because she is drunk then yes it is a turn off .
! he must be a control freak
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
and get married only after you 've been with a guy for more than 2 years .
to all my fellow girls at cone , a big hi and hug !
just be yourself when you are with her .
what the hell r ya talking abt ?
... a guy asks me , 'do you mind if we cuddle ?
but some guys would do that ... why ?
there are lost of good women left you just have to look in the right place .
either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person .
get a grip , how can you love someone that you do n't even communicate with .
find a girl who has talents she also must be pretty
it does n't mean that you are slutty .
the one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love !
you have to search yourself for this one ...
give them 2 months they will get over you .
after a while you dont even see the color .
he is probably wondering if your interested in him at all ... .flirt back ! !
if she is not into you anymore ...
you are definitely not a hoe , do n't worry .
; ) there is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
if you 're asking , then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options .
have you ever had a pap smear .
yes all i can say.. but yes , i have long black hair and im proud ! !
i had a friend in the same situation .
maybe your young , i do n't know .
hi , my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years .
if you truly love him you will tell him
just go with your feelings if you like her so much then go with it .
ask yourself and decide.and if you can afford it , do if you want to .
stay alive and get your old life back .
dude , what your saying is she does n't want to be more than bf and gf ?
do n't use pick up lines , that 's a turn off .
it hurts ... .a lot ... maybe some girls might say that 's it ?
( it would be easier to do if i were mad , though ! !
if they have moved on then you should too .
no , you are punish , and no tv for a month
tell him , and it would n't seem psycho cuz u have kno each other for a long time
it is very complicated tell it again please but in simple
give them a chance to discover you .
unless it 's with the wrong man .
my bf loves me to death and doesnt want to give me up .
depends on if they are brunette or not
it 's got to get played out after a while .
everybody likes to be told that they 're hot , even if they do n't admit it !
downtown houston just about any weekend ... lots of clubs ...
good luck but do your homework !
i 'll go with anything natural than fake i even hate the word fake
if you like the guy then go for it .
only now she and i are both divorced .
who said women dont feel anything ?
no matter what he says , action speaks louder then words
i was thinking about a medium pink color , but with what ? ?
see if he calls , e-mails or even cares .
and never ignore her always listen to her ... and when you do do n't change the subject women hate that .
i am in college and he is my only source of income until i get out .
she will tell you if it 's not ok .
i dont think i mind either way .
do n't eat where you take a s*** .
also try getting some blonde highlights
dont worry about him n just concentrate in school so you can learn n then worry bout yer b/f
ohhh this is what i did - big bad mistake on my part .
you give at least 5 minutes for kissing and hugging and may be some licking also .
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday ?
try to be your self and do n't show off
if they dont then you 'll have to get on with your life .
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in heaven .
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life .
lol most important ... just be yourself .
i know 3 guys that i can probably get away with doing something like that .
if he if flirting with her ok jump him .
stick with the 13 & 14 year old boys .. they are easier to control anyway.. lol good luck
tell him that u jst wannabe friends and that u r really disappointed that he would act so dumb ! ! !
i guess it 's kind of nice , it 's like your dad 's blessing all the way .
wait for him to ask u out unless ur real desperate
if he insists , it means he only after sex .
i would like to have some fun with u that 's why i answered this stupid question
do u fell that way ?
give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike ! !
maybe he 's going to call you !
a good way is to imagine yourself without him/her .
so i guess i pick domestic goddess .
do u love her in depth ?
also men get bored and tire way before woman do .
a big savings area is flowers .
if you are n't happy fix it or get out .
just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend doesnt mean he is .
you can do a civilian arrest answerer
u can have a big u-no-what , n suck in bed .
so so sexy yes it look very nice on most any girl
guys have a problem with secrets .
yes but it depends of the guy
people asked me - whats the hurry ?
they both dont respect your feeling .
ok i see him ever week in psr but i just cant talk to him ! ! !
i dont like a guy dat does dat all da time .
i think it 's totally hot when a guy shaves his legs .
did turn gay or is it a curiosity thing ?
i myself think that they do .
it is a mistake that ca n't be undone !
in a park when i was 16 i lost my virgenate
they never met but she says they 're in love .
and ask if he wants to dance with you .
and people life is to short live it to the fullest and have faith
did you fell down because i want to have sex , but you have to be careful
like i said ; he already knows that you like him , so just take a deep breathe and ask him .
keep away ur fear and tell him .
and im sure as heck not driving 5 hrs just to hang out unless i really really like her .
does she have other friends to gab with on the phone ?
play sports with your guy friends .
when you first fall in love , your gitty , goofy , and silly happy just thinking about that person .
i ca n't see my life without my husband .
we always seem to push the ones that we love away .
wait til you get older and if you both still feel the same way then go for it !
you are a man <--- term used lightly ! !
i prefer a & b cups , myself .
any women beside the ugly guys will look hot ...
it happened to me and i am now dating that person
just let her know what you feel .
show her your naked baby pictures .
why do gays want to get married ?
on the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain it was awesome !
and women also expect guys to act like that , so why should they grow up ?
but you need to do this a few times .
while making love is like living a fantasy .
as for now i think he is mad , hurt , upset and got over you .
if anyone know let me know
red= love , black = death ect ...
i like thick because i feel cheated with a thin one !
if you do n't know ask someone who would .
then comes the fun part ... he making it up to you : - )
wow , go with the one that picks on you because 9 times out out 10 he likes you
ok i have liked this on girl since i was in ninth grade .
you catch her looking at you ?
i never knew life could be so good ! ! ! !
do whats best for you and he
hey it 's better than her giving u a fake # to call lol !
so in my opinion ur not a hoe !
but if they can not exercise self-control , let them marry .
she calls him all the time .
you are already doing it so why yet bother ?
there are many times that you love the guy but not sure did he love you also .
should i dump him because of his mother
make a kind move , if no response u know what to do !
i 've heard of friends getting married about 6 months after meeting somebody .
show her what you 're good at .
you will look like an idiot .
finally a culture that has it right .
if you do n't you 'll always wonder .
i would n't worry too much about it .
what 's the worst that could happen .
i 'm confused i hate the girl to be like that ... what shall i do ?
preferably someone who does n't hate you .
stop trying to slap it in everyones face ! ! !
some guys just do n't like to dance .
this generation is just too stupid .
it depends on if you could trust him before !
ugly ( or fat ) guys just take what they can get .
people are husbands and wives for reasons ! ! !
if all you do is argue it 's not worth it..
have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate .
u are asking do u like me
depending on what you kissed ; )
) women are curious about sex with other women , even me !
20 to 32 ... she does n't have to be younger than you .
then u can make an easier decision .
but he cheated , so i guess i can lift or carry my husband .
just try and make the best of what 's to come .
depending on what yo u are looking for , friendship only , like .
i think he would make a great valentine .
( this is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there ) .
is it usually about a year before both people begin 2 feel in that comfortable , boring , stage ? ?
it all depends on when ur ready .
hell ya i would love to meet the ladies ! !
dont try to figure it out that 's just the way it is .
remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits .
if u can imagine him as the father of ur children !
if he turns you down , hes not worth it in the first place ! ! ! !
well to tell u tha truth u learn but u have to actually do it .
you married your hubby hopefully because you love him .
i know i have someone to come home to .
get a massage..and get away from it all .. hehe ..
i have no idea where to begin ! ! !
that depends ... are you a hottie w/a body ?
r u talking about ur avatar ?
if a guy cares he calls .
however , i always believed in the fact there 's a huge different between having sex and making love .
do n't just stay with him for the baby .
are you a country girl or a city girl .
getting married and getting child can wait but studies ca n't .
i have never been to it
the same guy you wan na be in a relationship with ?
how often can you have sex with pam anderson ?
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her
my mom also has cancer and this just hits to close to home for me .
i love curly hair i like to run my fingers thru it
i mean the both of you together .
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .
i want my wife to grow too .
you should probably make a move because he is obviously shy
the doctor ca n't even believe it .
may be u think not but yes ! ! !
no men do n't but little boys do
how about ... would you like to go out with me sometime ?
hell , it happened to me twice .
you should n't go out with a guy because you 'need ' to .
if you really wanted to be with him , you would n't be asking .
and i hope to god it does n't ever pass !
honestly , most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .
plus they are more passionate in love making .
never stop trying to impress her .
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss just on the forehead .
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them
ok it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this boy !
thanks for the pep in advance !
why do they want to be married ? ? ?
we like soft approach and a lil bit of chasing .
-a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum .
i like sos and need to know if im in love
do you like fake nails or manicured ones ?
only two points to make friends 1 .
i do n't know what u mean .
well , you , and that sexy perfume you wear ! !
it really depends on the guy but i think most guys seriously do n't care .
i ca n't explain it ... and no , it has nothing to do with them looking young , vulnerable or submissive .
as everyone said ... dont get married so early .
if you plan on cheating on your wife ... you 're a freaking pig and need to be shot !
then be your best self , if he 's impressed or likes you he 'll talk back
you dont want anyone else but that person ever
do n't pursue it , he is getting married .
have you told her that it 's kind of irritating with her having to check up on you everyday ?
so , when i moved in my neighbor asked me out .
most teen boys prefer girls that like sex .
he dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... 2 points ...
if not , then do n't sweat it !
do you like to argue and fight ? ? ?
the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you .
one man willing to move 21 hours/1400 miles just to be with me .
just want to know have you been to the doc yet !
maybe she 's not a bitch and the skinny chick was
get a life and do n't waste mine .
its like if you decide to eat chocolate and then moan cuz u look too fat .
i went and there he was .
if he is , then go for it !
men like this , typically become wife beaters if you do n't obey them !
you like him or you do n't like him ?
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you haven't done already .
many people will tell you no !
if u think that he feels the same way about you , why not ?
so there are some guys that only say the l word if they mean it .
it definitely looks like he has feelings for u.do u show how u feel ; ; u should ! !
well i believe everybody should keep their own name .
guys come & go , but friends are forever !
imagine if it was just considered love ? ?
if your relationship survive the four seasons ... i guess you should be ready ... .
ok now some guy 's like girls like that and some do n't
if you want kids , then homemaker .
should i or should n't i. younger guy vs older woman
of course he wants to go on .
so it would have to be love .
ur self image is also very important .
im a girl , i say those things ... .
girls are just as perverted -- trust me .
: ) although , flowers are really nice even if they do n't last .
there are movies that i have n't seen yet .
it is really sweet and just what u r looking for !
my be she do n't love you but try to use your brain not your manhood
no offense , but it kinda sounds like a girls name ya know but no disrespect intended !
i would n't bother calling him back .
none come in my list so i choose my neighbors wife : d
marriage is really about trusting & communicating
do n't listen to what anyone else tells you to do .
what should i do to get her ?
give a rose and express ur love
its unusual yes , but nothing bad .
you have to find whats right for you and your partner/s !
coz they are girls man and they are not as sophisticated as we are !
yes for sure , especially when she throw up ! !
i ca n't help any more unless i have more information .
there is n't a wrong or right way to kiss anyone .
do you have to rush your choice ?
having fun with guy friends is ok. 1 .
it 's more of a trust issue i 'd say .
i just need someone to help me finger this out
then if he still does n't like you , then move on .
he probably doesnt want to either .
when possible , try to make it yourself .
yeah ok men work and fix things but what else can you do ?
i told her that i loved her and truly meant it .
all seniors think freshman girls are easy , its sad but true
so how do i just kiss him
go to deleted items and it should be there
i hope you find a nice girl .
i do n't think it 's good idea , u are not there for this purpose !
the list could go on and on .
brokeback mountain , ok it 's a guy but at least you 'll be happy !
i think as long as you dont base your relationship on sex its ok
yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .
good luck and hang in there .
umm small party for the family
and if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - dont .
i would be , but i 'm just married !
i think it all depends on age , upbringing , .
you both should pick either his or yours once you have kids .
your kid is going to have hard enough time growing up without a dad .
men without hair look like little boys to me , and it 's not sexy at all .
or ask about the score of last game ?
get rid of the x if you are dating the guy you love right now .
the best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married there .
sure let me know more 'bout you
anything bigger than a handful is a waste , probably a size c or d
lie lie lie and then lie some more
they have never performed before and it doubles the pleasure !
wife says , we do n't wear that shit .
we dont no what you look like !
cuz we always find a life partner therefore we attract with opposite side
lol i think this is better than the one on top of me ...
do n't go anywhere you went with him or her .
talk 2 your best friend and see if its cool
sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me !
when he teases you about the stupid little things .
no , because i 'm not married yet
lots of men like thick girls , most of them are black .
no and u should n't care . if u like him then stay with him .
or does his friends point at you when your with him .
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you should n't get married .
it really depends if someone is vain or not .
move on and find someone who does n't hate you .
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will .
so of course i had to ask him if he was blowing me off .
maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls
whatever you decide , make it completely yours !
tell him you do n't want a real relationship .
there is nothing but trouble there !
not always the easiest but they have been pretty good years .
and hes seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years !
imagine that i am that guy and be my girl friend !
it never hurts to be flirty !
but stick with wats inside of u .
best of luck to you both : )
i 've been with this girl for 8 months and we have n't kissed is this bad ?
depends on the woman , it 's better shaved=- )
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there .
even the day after would be okay .
then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie .
yes some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman .
ask in english terms ... can not understand you
sorry , i never have felt that way !
remember , no bird ever flew on one wing ! !
i actually ponder this one now and again .
u seem desperate and you 'll never find a if you 're desperate .
i met a girl and i want to know how to know if shes into me or not
but do n't just sit around waiting for the phone to ring .
shut the hell up and be gay if you want to ! ! !
if he comes to his senses then great if not screw him ! !
i mean if u love him and he really loves u he may want to disappoint his father .
do it before it is to late
this gal does not want a bad boy at all .
i`d like to see what a black female has to say about this .
help me win this debate with her !
most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age , give ot take .
when will people in this effed up world finally realize this ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
and i dont know what i should do .
you go to a bar and get drunk !
i did this with my current boyfriend .
no , not if you have to ask ...
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one .
( and now even in divorce im stuck with it !
your girlfriend will just think you 're a jerk .
maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so .
my ex of 3 years cheated .
time will tell give it six months and see what happens .
well , the one i liked goes like this .
not all guys get bored and move on .
they 're a lot of fun - there 's plenty to do .
but it is okay to kiss on the first date .
i have a close girl friend .
they are always in the 'in love ' stage .
my friend says i am to nice and i should tell them no .
but ( there 's always a but is n't there ?
not all guys , but some guys do
that way you can still go by your last name !
go up to her and say 'hi , are you single ? '
that got me really hot , but i ran off .
however that does not mean that big girls ca n't be cute .
not everyone on here is in school .
practice unwrapping starburst with ur tongue , and tying cherry stems w/ your tongue .
me , i 'll pick up the tab if , i can get your vote for best answer .
you should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable .
flirt and see how he responds
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone ...
say will u go out with me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
( i mess up a lot at times ) but she do n't forget .
is how should i approach her and be not just another guy hitting on her ?
as a guy - let me say this .
you 're 13 do n't even worry about it ...
always trail ride with a friend .
if you guys truly love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc .
its all in the eye contact
yup , i can lift him , he 's only 185 ... .lol
he just has to start over and earn your trust again .
sak her out what 's up with that ?
well i hope you read this really well .
play a truth or dare game together
wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there !
stupid u need a theory class 4 that ! ! ! ! ! ! !
if you do eat something like that then just quit .
now i keep thinking of getting it on with a girl .
confront him and ask him that way you will know
yes jaime is going to ask rubi out ... . but it is not your business ...
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits
may be its interesting for them
he dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... 2 points ...
or do guys really do prefer bigger women ?
he loves you , too , girl ... time will tell .
if a guy really respects u then he 'll understand .
this is sin , our selves have started this
his answer is good enough for me ...
move on , but you can still luv him ! !