is it a rebound relationship for both of you ?
good luck in your search for a new love .
my ex of three years cheated on me .
work at it , but do not allow him to keep you locked up at home .
other than those two things , ask him once in awhile .
men get bored and tired before women do .
it is one way of stating i do not like you !
king did have a song about this = only your mother loves you ( and find might be jiving too ) .
he loves you too , lady ... time will tell .
he wants me to change how i look .
i know i have someone to come home to .
i do not know if you fell down , but i want to have sex .
do you want to keep all of your friends forever ?
acting that way does not make you a slut .
i enjoy going to a club and dancing .
do n't go anywhere with you new date that you went with your ex .
going there is great fun , and there are plenty of things to do .
it will all depend on when you are ready .
stay very far away from this man .
you should be prepared because if it happened once it could happen again .
i am looking for the girl who wants to spend time with me .
at least not until he finds another girlfriend .
my wife says we do n't wear things like that .
if you are uncertain , you should break up and open yourself to seeing other people .
why do same-sex couples want to be married ?
do you have to rush this decision ?
they both disrespect your feelings .
no , seriously . think about how many arrogant women are out there .
she is frightened about asking him on a date .
get a grip ! how can you love someone , with whom you can not even communicate ?
i would ask you on a date , but i live in oregon , and i have no idea where you live .
they have never performed before , and it doubles the pleasure !
i will go and see one .
if you email me , i can tell you the answer .
i will help you .
do not let them know in advance but rather allow them to discover once you are in bed together .
i should have kept my last name .
i rarely see him in school but i have seen him attending my brother 's basketball games .
he is a womanizer and has been telling that to some young woman .
break up with him . there are plenty of fish in the sea .
i know , because i am like your wife .
when she calls , you should text her back .
no way , i am only 5'4 '' and he is 6'2 '' .
you do not know the first rule , trust no one .
we 've attempted to end the relationship on several occasions however we never succeed .
oh , and a portion due to them being slender and slim and these days young women suffering anorexia are sexually exciting .
given that you possess male genitalia , it is n't an issue . you are simply required to insert your engorged member into her vagina .
in such a circumstance , enroll in some self-defense courses .
i just escaped a three-year romance with the father of my newborn .
want to hear a bad joke ?
i have been working for years .
women are complicated .
we like a soft approach with a little chasing .
you would be surprised at the type of people that are interested in them .
it is very enjoyable , especially when you meet each other after exchanging text messages for a few months .
i am in new york city . i will help you if you are nearby .
it sounds strange but it worked in about three to five days for me .
do not worry , i do not have much to work with either .
why does their opinion matter ? if they do not get along , then do not spend time together .
should he behave as such , you are in possession of a quality male !
if he has affection for you , you will be aware !
i imagine it 's common , however , i 'd simply proceed .
i am fond of all gentlemen with a sense of humor .
young lady , you are the singular person capable of rendering this decision .
proceed to inform all simply due your belief that it is correct to do so .
ten years ' separation is simply appealing .
after that if he still does not like you , then you need to move on .
because they feel less secure with men who are less educated .
one reason is that if it does not work out you could lose your job .
also i pray that it does not ever pass .
only the ones that are not worth your time .
you guys do not have any reason to hate one another .
if you do not . you will always wonder .
people choose not to because of their religion , while others do not .
give it a chance , because if you break up with them it would be harder to be simply friends .
best of luck to you .
men who were not ready to commit .
it is a big day in both of your lives , it should not be done quickly or without thought .
i want one man willing to move 21 hours and 1,400 miles away to be with me .
i must not be unattractive enough , then .
that is alright . i am a giver .
well , it depends on the woman . what does she want ?
remember : it takes two , and not one .
hang around until the bar closes , or visit a prison .
women do not like men who are cocky .
stick with what is inside of you .
it happened to me , twice .
maybe you are too young .
actions are better then words .
there is nothing in the world like a big-boned woman !
do not sell yourself , even if he is rich .
i am a gay male , aged thirty , and i just moved to sacramento , ca .
the people who are around you now should like you no matter what , especially your friends !
because they like small breasts and vaginas .
wait till you are older and then if you both still feel the same you can go for it .
yes , i am not one of those people but i know there are many of them around .
no , it is not if you have to ask .
it is because they are girls and not as sophisticated as we are .
does this mean that he is attracted to me ?
i know , because i dated one .
look at the way that she walks .
the answer is no , i least i hope not .
hello , i am looking forward to visiting your country .
should i give him another chance , overtime ?
is he the same man that you wanted to be in a relationship with ?
i traveled there and he was present .
that 's the name i applied to it . for what reason , though ?
by doing so , you 're still able to retain your surname .
i 've previously communicated my affection to her and she expressed her concern about damaging our relationship as friends .
you can join a community that has live and webcam chat .
show her your naked baby photos .
however , i am not telling you to be celibate until that time !
it is okay to jump on him if he is flirting with her .
i adore curly hair as i favor running my fingers through it .
i desire my wife to grow as well .
well , that is simply the manner it is done , i suppose .
i can simply ignore him and forget about him similarly to the previous night 's garbage .
he was busy after that time .
i do n't know what to do about it , she knows i care about him so much .
if you eat something similar to that , then you should quit .
it could be that you need to use the bathroom , or had a dream about it .
if he wanted to wear my pants , all he would have to do is ask .
if you were friends before and have stronger feeling now , then it should be okay .
i want to try again .
figure out what kind of flower arrangements you would like .
deceive and mislead and then fabricate some more .
first , wait until you find that out for sure and then go from there .
he should not care if the two of you were at a dance .
trust him and do not bring it up again .
honestly , most women are waiting for the man to tell her how he truly feels .
i actually ponder this one every once in awhile .
i met a man in a rainstorm , it was very romantic .
some men prefer women like that , and some do not .
it comes after three play and before five play .
when i fall in love , i feel stupid .
if you have to ask , then you are not in love .
if you start to feel it coming on , then resume the foreplay .
i do not understand . someone , please give me the answer .
i saved a good five-to-six-hundred dollars doing my own flowers , and it was no hassle at all .
however , you ought to ask a girl regarding the symptoms , since i am a boy .
be authentic and demonstrate some machismo . that is what women , or at least most women , like . however , foremost is being authentic .
listen to your intuition . it is never wrong .
they harass you throughout the day .
notice whether he call , emails or even cares .
you could provide a civilian arrest answer .
usually that is caused by a spasm in the back .
by this time , you should love your wife for everything the two of you have endured .
good luck on your new adventure . i hope everything goes well !
you can start by saying i love you and wait to see if they say it back .
ask her on a date again and see what she says .
there is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
ask her questions , do not merely talk .
remember that there is more than one .
i believe they look better than many other nations .
we got married again !
all in all i do not think it matters .
i am definitely not driving five hours just to see her unless i really like her .
how often can you have sex with pam anderson ?
i told her that i loved her and meant it .
what good did it bring ?
i am a person that does not like to break the other persons heart .
give a rose and express your love .
i like someone with some weight because i feel cheated with a thin one .
because we always find a life partner , therefore , we are attracted to the opposite side .
what in the world are you speaking of ?
if you persist in speaking to him for another week , he may believe he is married to you .
women do not desire very much , just some acknowledgement and at times assistance .
at least , that is what it seems like to me .
do not be afraid to say , `` no . ''
end things with him , there are always more fish in the sea .
to me it really does not matter . a hand full is quite enough for me .
choose the one that cherishes you the most .
you still released a thousand , at least .
you go get inebriated at a bar .
give it some time and thought .
you should not leave them , just teach them what to do to better satisfies you .
bembie got the answer correct .
the two of you should kiss when you are ready .
julesac is funny , yet callous .
if you are asking this , then you surely have already distanced yourself from her , yet remaining a friend .
it is just the way things are .
i know of another website that i go to .
are you starting to have feelings for this boy ?
he had a controlling personality .
it depends on how interested one party is in the other .
you should attempt to get out and meet people .
usually there are multiple factors instead of just one .
if you truly like them .
do you men prefer a big woman or a smaller woman ?
it is not worth it , if all you do is argue .
you have to be patient and the right girl will come around .
you can do more without committing a sin if she is your wife .
some says i want to have sex , and some days i do not want to .
they are more passionate when making love .
it may be due to the fact that you are the most beautiful woman they have ever seen .
it depends on if they are vain .
i want someone that likes me for me .
send a picture of yourself to me , and please be in contact .
stay away from this man .
the doctor was surprised as well .
do not worry .
i can give you pointers .
if you feel that your love is fading , you have to do something .
i will not stay with a person i do not trust .
only once did i tell a girl that i was in love with her , and i meant it .
you married him and there was a reason .
tear off your shirt and scream like tarzan .
yes , girl beneath there , do not have sexual relations .
they are accepting of this in their culture .
always ride with a friend .
you did not give us very good information . do you all live in one house ?
move on . what does it matter if he is attractive ? appearance is not all-important .
most importantly , be genuine .
i am sorry , but i have never felt that way .
i do not like a woman who makes my life difficult .
you get the popcorn if he gets them first .
practice asking if you are performing well .
but if you are sure then first tell your parents if you have not done so already .
well , i met mine at a carnival .
that sounds like a rhetorical question .
well , i believe that everyone should keep his or her own name .
your first kiss should make you feel as if you are in heaven .
this seems like it is going to be problematic .
how can i make a woman happy ?
do n't try something that will hurt you .
you will always make money if you work hard .
do n't just walk up and tell her how good she looks .
i do not think this is a good idea ; you are not there for this purpose .
approach her , say hello , and ask if she is single .
i think he would make a wonderful valentine .
be prepared to let her go .
rather than simply waiting until you are acceptable .
get a massage , and take some time off from everything .
if you actually like this guy , make more of an effort to talk to him .
bring both of them out on a date .
it has happened to me , and now i am dating said person .
there are two points to making friends . 1 )
so you might not be looking for the type of man who thinks the world of you .
it should be someone who does not hate you .
we tried moving on but it did not work .
i would not call him back .
try not to spend time with him and find another man .
find a different attractive woman , she will become jealous .
in my opinion you are not a hoe .
red means love , black means death , etc .
if she likes him then she does not like you . break up with her , it is not his fault that she strays .
for me , any longer than three days and i may begin to forget you .
find a woman with talents who is also attractive .
there is no one whom you can trust more than a good friend .
start the day off with breakfast and then perhaps a nice walk .
then go pick them up , if she says yes , of course .
if yes , why do i hear some women say flowers are not going to last ?
maybe it is interesting for them .
i wonder if it could ever be the same after that .
it is not as bad as it could have been ; at least it is not bella .
another option is that you could tell her and have a fairy tale romance .
finally a culture that has it right .
my twin will not talk or listen to me .
if you want to get something that you can not get rid of , then go ahead .
i am not thinking about him , but i am having dreams about him .
if you are talking ten dollars , then i think it would be fine to get a computer game .
if he can not dance , take him to a place where they have slow dances .
i feel that a family life is beautiful .
i dislike them , but if you like them , it is ok .
you should never get married without a prenuptial agreement .
find a way to have a life , and do not waste mine .
she said that you are too good for her ?
men will come and go , but friends are forever .
i may mean a lot of things .
yes , it is typical . their are many people who still are attracted to an individual they no longer see .
i 'd enjoy seeing what a african american female has to say about this .
men are idiotic . no one comprehends why they do what they do .
if they presented you with their phone number , no need to wait .
because we 're masters of the universe .
i am in love and i do not care who loves it .
whatever you do , do not try to have them both at once .
if you were truly interested in being with him , you would not be asking .
remember that being friends with someone online is ok , however , there are limits .
when my sister kisses someone , she closes her eyes .
a small party for the family .
women are degenerates . they merely hide it and behave that way in secret around other women .
and i am only in fifth grade .
but you should do what you want .
avoid doing that as it will not work .
if they do not do that , then it is time to leave .
he has everything i am looking for in a guy .
it is bad luck to see your bride at the wedding .
she is not a false witness .
he had his nose pierced .
yes , i can lift him , he is only 185 .
you will need a therapist for that .
there are some perverted guys that like young looking asian girls .
you should see a therapist .
he is giving you a poor excuse for acting in a way he did not before .
be strong , and hang in there .
he is too large , and i am weak .
it is unattractive if she is heavily intoxicated and becomes messy .
especially if you do not feel like it .
he dribbles , he shoots , and he scores two points .
giving it up for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .
i can not give you a wife-view , but hopefully mine is as good .
plus , if takes the pressure off of me to ask someone .
it depends on the woman . it is better if it is shaved .
ask the question using english terms . i am not able to understand you .
hello . i am a man but i will tell you a little .
i like him very much but i want to persuade him not reject him .
i really , really think a guy is attractive but do n't know if he feels that way about me .
by the way , your avatar looks familiar .
we broke up over six months ago , and i can not seem to move on .
maybe he thinks he will be turned down . i would just ask him .
thinking about that should help you in seeing whether or not you can trust him .
a photograph in the shape of a heart with you and her on your first date . that is special .
i am in college and he is my only source of income until i graduate .
i have been in a relationship with this woman for eight months and we have not kissed . is this bad ?
some men do not like breasts at all .
does she want to see other people ?
he has seen me everyday for about 4 or 5 years .
it was his stop , so he got off the train .
i 'm aware of exactly what i want in a relationship .
i would flirt , tease , then mail flowers and candies to myself . he 'd ask me out eventually .
i dislike seeing my father unhappy .
i feel bad because i snore sometimes . do n't most people snore when they sleep ?
i have feelings for a person and need to know if i am in love .
if the two of you truly love each other , then you will work things out .
the relationship is still happening because neither of you have the courage to end things .
girls who are heavier can still be attractive .
but he is getting married this month .
but those men are rude and you do not want them anyway .
and get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years .
a man has a penis and a woman has a clitoris .
ignore the bad and move on !
if she tells the administration i will be expelled because it is pakistan , not america
you should get to know her . sooner or later you will ask her out or vice versa .
perhaps you and i can get together sometime ; we may find love .
i would be , however i just got married .
explore your options for a while .
do not get married so early in the relationship .
have you seen a doctor yet ?
you should pay attention to that the other person is saying .
simply discuss the subject with your spouse .
given your attraction to sixth grade children , you 're apparently youthful .
inquire of their desire to travel to a location accompanied by you .
a visit to an amusement park with a roller coaster . perhaps a theatrical museum .
do men truly prefer bigger women ?
my concern is that i 'm deeply attracted to him .
should i break up with him because of his mother ?
i accidentally did this before and my friend was angry that i had deleted him .
i do not mind either way .
you could try it her way or you could try keeping your eyes open .
you should be able to tell the few that will .
are you talking about your avatar ?
i dont remember giving a woman a christmas gift unless i liked her .
i do not know what to do .
try to be yourself and do not try to impress anyone .
just take it day by day and think of how he lost a good thing .
compliments , be honest and focus on her .
i believe she will wreck him !
it just means that she seems to be really interested in the man .
please do , i am thinking you would be slapped as you reach out or perhaps kicked in the groin .
except now we are both divorced .
if he/she wants to see your photograph immediately , then it is sex .
it is better than her giving you a false phone number to call .
tell her to move to massachusetts .
if you feel that strongly about it , then perhaps you should not get married .
from the pictures that i have seen , i would say maui or the bahamas .
the man i like is upset with me .
you are 13 , do not even worry about it .
that way you do not have to worry about phoning him too much !
i am a man , and let me tell you , we love to chase !
thank you in advance for the support !
we seem to always push away the ones who we love .
the believe that they can control others lives when they can not .
that is weird , but perhaps i will talk to my friend near his locker .
if a man cares he will call .
what special gift can i give my would-be brother-in-law for his birthday ?
he likely does not want to either .
some guys do , and some guys do not .
the timing was not right to date the older guy .
i want a girl who is kind , and intelligent .
determination is one of the gifts we can give ourselves .
i do n't believe you need to earn someone 's trust , how is that possible ?
do n't let her control your life , she will have to learn to live with it .
i have a yahoo account , and that is fine with me .
i would n't worry too much about it .
oh yes , the trick that person never had a chance .
when you can fart in front of the one you are dating .
depends on how old they are .
any man that states he would is more than likely not being entirely honest with himself .
if you bat your eyes at him , the challenge is nonexistent .
if you need your ex emotionally , then you do have some problems .
twenty to thirty-two , she does not have to be younger than you .
perhaps she does n't love you , but attempt to use your brain and not your head .
there are plenty of inexpensive ideas . find what you are interested in and work from there .
if you are worried about your performance , do not .
find another woman . if that does not work , move back .
most often ( although not always ) , there will be men who are approximately your age .
if you act in that manner at all times , she might find you desperate .
not everyone here is in school .
should i make the first move or wait for him to do so ?
after some time , you will not see the color .
i am still trying to work up my nerves to try that out .
if it is serious between the two of you , then that question should not bother her .
what is up with her ?
try using the phrase , `` would you like to go out with me sometime ?
those were the best of times .
it is all about her and it should not occur on the first date .
you have do decide whether you want to spend the rest of your life with someone with whom you constantly argue .
you deserve more than them .
either a cd or a dvd will be appropriate .
star fresh and be all that you can .
i would like to visit the united states . what do i need to bring ?
you sound like a lovely person , so do not let some of these women drag you down .
do not look . just go out , enjoy yourself , have fun , and a girlfriend will come along .
do not pursue it because he is getting married .
is it like a clear liquid that turns yellow when dry ?
then when she starts to close her eyes , kiss her lips . after that it is up to you !
please be honest , i can handle the truth .
it shows how much they care about you .
tell her that you miss her and love her .
coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk , talk , play in the park , museum and move matinee .
what you want is a hooker , you can find that in any corner of the world .
now we do all these things together and i do n't know what to do .
if it fails , you will be in trouble .
it had been the best thing for me .
he cheated on me , and it was the worst thing that he could have done .
is he not treating you well ? you should be happy .
we really like it when men go out of their way for us and think about us .
perhaps if you give him space , he will eventually return your call .
explain to him that you do not want a real relationship .
if you appear creepy and you look , they will think you are leering .
i do not know about love , but he is certainly attracted to you .
if the guy really respects you , then he will understand .
ask yourself , decide if you can afford to do it , and then go ahead if you would like to .
since he is a superhero , that is the closest thing to being an average man .
sometimes , if the good outweighs the bad , then the difficulties are worth it .
i do not think it is wise to date people from work .
allow it take its course from there .
what they think about gay marriage or relationships ?
so , of course , i had to ask him if he was ignoring me .
guys will find you attractive , no matter what .
do not think that by not having sex that he will become unfaithful to you or leave .
marriage is about trust and communication .
i have had this problem too .
it depends on what you kissed .
it depends on if you were previously able to trust him .
ensure that you do not make her hate you merely so that you may explain your point .
where have you been meeting these filipino women ?
if you say it that way , you are not telling them specifically what you do not like about them .
if he is single , go for it .
see if she is available for dinner and a movie .
i apologize , but i do not know . i wish the both of you luck .
i find him looking at me every now and then .
it is a sin . we have to start this , ourselves .
fun includes eating meats , and i do not mean breakfast .
make a kind move , if there is not response , you know what to do .
let him make the first move . if you do that , you may look like you are obsessed with him .
you should not get married .
our tragic love story is simply that we loved each other substantially .
you will never find a significant other , if you appear to be despondent .
he asserts that we are only friends .
looks do not really matter unless you are trying to prove something .
once you have sex with him , he 'll no longer be a good friend .
when a man is self centered , that 's a great turn off .
do n't rush it . feel your emotions come alive .
it is a two way traffic until you get them . you will know which one it is .
so , you have one baby out of wedlock ?
i know i am overly picky about people . how do i stop that ?
it hurts , a lot . maybe some women may say that is it ?
i am going to fight that man , is that the right choice ?
it was a good idea after all .
it does not turn her off if she gets intoxicated .
because some women send subtle messages to men rather than being clear .
although it may be off-topic , i would prefer to be left alone by them .
ask her to do something that interests her or to a film she would like to see .
that is amusing . it is unfortunate that it is not automatic as msn and aol are .
and that is how they will react to it so yes , it is a bad situation for you and him .
return to that person immediately before it is too late .
i am laughing because i too would like to cause her smile to depart by means of assault .
ask if he would like to dance with you .
she might say , `` that it is ugly , i think prefer this color . ''
tell him to visit a doctor .
i never went out with him again .
to begin with , why did the two of you break up ?
go ahead and do it . there is no use in waiting .
no one else 's opinion matters as long as he does not mind .
i think i am still in love with him .
after that time , i never wanted to have sex again .
the important thing is to not try to get revenge on the one who wronged you .
if you need to ask others , then i really do not think that you are ready to .
i am a girl and i say those things .
a big area of savings is flowers .
time will tell ; try it for six months and see what the outcome is .
either that , or you are the only person he has a chance to be with .
from the list you compiled , i would have picked spiderman .
my partner cheated on me for three years .
all seniors believe freshman girls are easy , it is unfortunately true though .
you can tell him if he says yes .
you can impress her with love and affection .
what was it like ?
you should celebrate valentines day with joy and fun . give each other gifts and have fun .
just be her bff 4 real .
do you really want an answer ?
i was n't trying to be a jerk .
some ladies just hint at what they want and expect the men to figure it out .
how about we grab some starbucks and talk , and see what happens ?
i hate seeing my daddy sad : (
ask him if u should go see a dr .
dont u think he has enough to worry about ?
i dont think he 'll step out or dip if you dont slap skins with him
will i feel dat fo eva
but he mite like all that teasing and skeezing with no pleasing
you needs 2 try again
some men will shave for the right chick
if u like him smile and speak nice .
he likes ya but i do n't know about love .
bitches be crazy
im too picky , about people , how do i stop ?
that sounds pretty girly
if the good is better than the bad , its worth it
only if both of you agree
well why u got ta like the one boy who messes wit u ?
and , brothers do n't knowing how much they need u until u gone .
if a dude hits on u do n't be scared to say no
do i want luv
if you give them creepy looks they 'll think ur leering
you 're right it 's really confusing
how i convince my lover to show his love for me ? ?
i mean , if you 're that into them , sure
dun sell yourself out , girl , his money do n't matter that much
do n't let these girls hurt your feelings , you sound like an upstanding dude
i dunno , but there 's another site that i go to for that
nah , man , think hard about how many arrogant chicks there are around
you could look easy if you do n't have a guy .
then he 's like do you want to use my chapstick ?
do n't ever let a guy treat you bad .
do n't think so , he 's too big and i 'm a weakling .
tell him when and if he says yes !
what mistake did u make ?
there 's a song by king called only your mother loves you
why do we stay when they 're mean to us after we 've fallen in love ?
if you 've done it , how was it ?
its not really a turnoff when she gets super drunk
i guess if that 's what you want
its just like trying to ditch a bad drug habit
i need to try that dating trick next time for sure
just let me know what you want
yall are both good with how things are going so that 's good .
dont let her take over ur life , she will just have to deal ! !
if hes not into you , there are plenty of other men out there who are .
no guy can give you everything you want ...
you need to `` find yourself '' if you wanna stay married .
start with a boring question and just keep it going !
ask if they want to travel somewhere with you .
just put some trust in him , and let it go .
i 'm building up the courage to go for it .
find the person who loves you as much as you love them .
i 'll be your girl if you come to my town .
stay far far away from him .
it 's your choice man , but i hate all of them .
i say around 3 or 4
he told that woman he 's a player .
my ex 's made me realize why my wife was `` the one '' .
do n't be greedy and take both of them at the same time .
having sex is not the only thing that matters in life .
i use yahoo for my email and it works fine for me .
its just fun for me
he was a little busy after
that 's just fucking sex
dont let her know you think shes hot
sounds like you 're going thru a lot right now
but u should ask a girl about the symptoms bc im a boy
i use to always feel the same thing but everything changed when i met my true luv ! !
marry your bf if it does n't work with anyone else . good choice
well i don ’ t want to just run up and ask will you go oit with me ? ?
unless you reaaalllyyy know the guy your gon na get hurt .
your beliefs are n’t good or bad .
they 're annoying all day .
go to hawaii or pay someone .
i can just forget about him like it 's nothing .
is it like a clear liquid that gets yellow when it ends up drying ?
do you hate it if she sits on you bff 's lap when drunk ?
he was a control freak
one of the gifts we can give ourselves - determination .
you should only marry a man after you been with him for 2 yrs .
to my girls at cone , hi and hugzzz ! ! !
be yourself at all times
say it slow and repeat
a perv hit on me
some dudes are dumb
there are plenty of fish in the sea
either make up or move on
dude you 've never talked to her , how can you love her
find a cute girl who can sing
you arent a slut
true love will happen to you , this time .
look up the answer on your own , dude .
2 months , and they will have moved on from you .
you wo n't even be able to tell what color it is once time has passed .
he wants to know if u like him
if she doesnt like u ... ..
your not a slut . dont fret
u cant force another to like u
break up and focus on others
have you had a pap smear ?
i can say `` yes '' and i have long black hair and i 'm proud !
my friend is in the same position ...
maybe your young ... idk .
i ’ m anonymous but i ’ ve been working with this person for a while .
if you love him for real , you ’ ll tell him
if you really like her , go with your feelings
if you think u can afford it , go for it if you want
stay alive and get things back to normal
what are you saying about her
not flirt . no one likes it
i think some women would tell you that it 's pretty hurtful
it 's be easier if i were more pissed off ! ! ! ! 1
if they 've forgotten about you , then forget about them too
your punishment - no tv for a month .
you 've known each other for a long time it wo n't seem crazy
i still do n't get it . can u say it again ?
u have to give them a chance to see all your talents
wrong man could be a problem
my bf doesnt want to lose me cause he loves me a lot
it kinda matters if they 're brunette or not
it 'll get played out at some point
we do n't admit it , but we all want to know we are sexy , sexy beasts .
i love dancing at the clubs in downtown huston
good luck and do n't forget to do your homework !
i do n't like it when women use too much makeup , they are beautiful naturally .
if you want him , go get him .
but now me and her are both divorced
um who said women do n't have feelings ? ? ?
actions are always better then jus words !
i 'm thinking a regular pink color ... but what should go with it ?
see if he calls you or emails you or if he even cares !
do n't ignore her always listen to her and do n't change the subject ! !
he is my only way to get money till i graduate from college
she 'll let you know if it is n't okay
i do n't care either way !
do n't eat where you shit .
i 'm gon na get blonde highlights done .
forget about it , focus on school and your bf .
this was a bad idea..
i need at least 5 minutes of groping .
what 's a dope prez for my bro in laws bday ?
do n't be a show off , but be yourself !
if dey do not , den yuh will have tuh continue wit ' your life
your first kiss , however , should be heavenly
in a family life , dis is de most beautiful
most impawhtantly , be genuine
i got 3 guys who i can do that with .
get mad if he flirts with her
stay with the 14 or 13 yo boys
tell him u just wan na be friends , and your disappointed by him being so dumb
it 's kinda nice ... like getting your dad 's blessing .
wait for him or you 'll seem desperate
if he keeps it up , you can tell he was only after sex
i love have fun wit you so i answered this ?
how u feel
give your bro som $ $ and get rid of him
he might call
you can try to think about life without them , that 's something .
i 'll go with domestic goddess
do u rly love her ? a lot ?
men cheat more than women
save money on flowers
fix the problem or leave if you are so unhappy
looks are deceiving , he may be a shitty boyfriend
you can make a citizen 's arrest .
having a huge package does n't mean you 're good at doing it !
yes , it looks so hot on almost any woman !
dudes ca n't keep secrets worth af
depends on the dude , i guess
people were asking me why i was in such a hurry
neither of them respect ur feelings girl
i see him in psr every week but i ca n't gather up the gumption to talk to the guy
i dont find guys i like
i like men that shave legs
is it gay ? ir curiosity
i say they do
its a mistake u cant fix
i lost my v card when i was 16 in a park ! lol
they 've never met in real life ... but she says they 're in love ! ! !
ask if he wants to dance w/ you !
live your life to the fullest and have faith ! ! !
idk if you fell over , but i 'd like to have sex w/ you !
he knows you 're into him so just ask him out
get over your fear and tell him
why the f would i drive 5 hours to spend time with someone unless i really liked her ?
aint she got friends to talk on the phone with her ?
it 's good to play sports with other guys .
when you fall in love everything feels wonderful and you ca n't stop thinking about your bae .
i ca n't imagine a life without my hubby .
it 's easy to hurt those we love most .
go for it if you both feel that way when you 're grown .
when i call you a man take that with a grain of salt .
i like small cups of a and b .
the hot girls are by the hideous men .
i am with them and it happened to me .
tell the truth about your feelings for her .
you should show her your naked baby pictures .
why is marriage important to the gay community ?
we had sex on the hood of my car while it drizzled around us .
why do guys got ta grow up if girls do n't expect them to ?
you got ta do this a few times .
making love is like a fantasy .
rite now i think hes mad , and doesnt wan na be with u .
lem me know if you 've got the answer plz !
red is a love color , black is a death color , etc .
i like fat ones , otherwise i feel like im missing out !
ask someone if you dont kno the answer .
he 'll try to make it up , you 'll like it .
if he 's picking on you he likes ya !
i 've been liking this girl since 9th grade .
she looking at u ?
didnt know life could be such a blessing ! !
go with the best thing for you two .
look at like this , you got a real number not fake : )
i do n't think you fool around .
they should get married if they ca n't keep their hands off each other .
seems like she 's calling him all the time .
might as well keep on keeping on
how many loveless relationships have you been in ?
is it right to break up with him cause of his mom
make a move and if she doesnt , give her space
they got married fast ! 6months fast !
show her your skills man .
you look like a freak .
i give props to that culture , because they really have it down pat .
you 'll never know for sure unless you ask .
do n't worry about it or over think it .
what you think the worst could be ?
i do n't even know what to do cus i ca n't stand when the girl is like that , so like what do i do now ?
find somebody else somebody down that do n't hate you all the time .
dont be a dick
some guys just ca n't dance
these youngins r dumb .
depends did ya trust him b4
fat and ugly guys ca n't b picky .
people choose marriage 4 a reason .
it ’ s not worth arguing with you all the time
good luck asking your cell mate that question
do i like you ?
you kissed what ? ?
some women are bi curious like me .
20 to 32 , just not younger than you .
after this you can make a decision
he cheated , so i can lift my husband
look on the bright side
is your goal to just hang out
in my opinion he would make a good valentine
with so many temptations i am not sure i can do it .
it takes what ? a yr to feel comfy in relationship ?
i u ready , then cool
hello yea i 'm tryna meet chicks .
it is what it is .
you need to have safety precautions when you friend total strangers on the net .
can you picture having kids with that guy ?
if he is n't interested in you , it 's his loss , and why date a fool anyway ?
you usually learn the best lessons when you go for it , and make mistakes .
you did marry him for love i hope .
at least i have someone who will be there for me right at home .
relax and get a massage and just let it all go .
where should i even start here .
depends , are you hot with a gr8 body ? ? ?
wait .. you mean yr avatar ?
he 'll call if he cares
there is a difference between fucking and making love
u dont got ta stay together even if u got a kid
are u a country girl ? ? ior are u from the city
getting married and having kids can wait . studying cant
i 've never been .
you wan na be in a relationship with the same guy ?
can you have sex with pamela anderson often ?
do n't make her hate you just to get your point across
this is too close to home , my moms has cancer too .
i luv to put my hands thru curly hair
i mean u 2 together
just be patient and the rite girl will find u
i want my wife to grow 2
he seems shy , so you outta make the first move .
the doc was shocked too !
you may think it 's no , but it 's def yes !
that 's for boys to do - not men .
if u wanted u could ask them out and see .
and that did happen 2x to me .
do n't make up some need in yur head to go out with that dude .
if he was the right guy , you would n't need to ask .
hope this streak never ends~
girls just want guys to be straight with their feelings .
nothing 's like sex to bring out the passion in a woman
chicks like to be impressed so keep on impressing her
getting close and kissing me softly on me forehead .
that ain ’ t me but i know peeps like that .
depends on how hard you ’ re falling for this bro !
i just want to thank you ahead of time for the encouragement .
i just do n't know why they want to get married so bad .
we like to be pursued , but with a light touch .
i think theme parks and museums are both fun places to visit .
i need to kno if im in love with this person or not .
do you like manicures or fake nails ? ?
plan what u want , and dont worry about what everyone else wants .
i dont know what ur saying .
ur perfume turns me on
i do n't think most men care but it depends on the guy .
its got nothing to do w/ being vulnerable or young or submissive ...
do n't get married so early in your relationship ...
your not a good person if you plan on cheating on your wife ! !
be the best you that you can be and see if he likes it .
hes the only one for you .
do n't be a homewrecker . he 's taken .
tell her that it 's bs she makes you daily check in !
neighbor asked me out when i moved in
most teen guys prefer teen gals who like hooking up ...
he played a good game of b-ball .
do n't sweat it !
do u love fighting or what ?
important thing is to not try to get revenge on people who wronged u
a guy willing to move 21hrs and 1400mi for me
have you gone to the doctor yet ?
she 's not annoying but she was totally thin .
get a god dang life and leave me along .
that 's like eating too much chocolate and saying you gained too much .
i was there and he was there .
no ball and chain , then do it !
these sorts of guys turn into wife beaters if you don ’ t give them what they want ... .
so do you think he ’s cute or not ?
well if you ’re certain then tell the parents that you have n’t yet .
a lot of people are going to tell you no..
does he feel the same about you ?
some guys do n't use that word unless they mean it .
tell him how you feel if you think he likes you .
i think everyone should keep their own name
boys come and go but friends are forever ! ! !
try and imagine that it was love < 3
i think you 'll be ready even if your relationship survives the 4 seasons ...
okay , well right now some guys like that kind of women and other do n't
if you want kids , be a house mom .
young boys and older women , yes or no ?
he wanted to keep going .
u cant use another word for love
self image is important
im a girl and i say such things
girls can be perverted too
yeah i like flowers but they die too quick : p
theres some films i have n't seen
she 's super sweet , exactly what yr after !
use your brain and not whats in yr pants , she might not love you
do n't take this the wrong way , but i 've never heard of a guy with a name that girly .
i 'm not gon na waste my time returning his call .
i was n't really feeling any of the ladies in my list , so i settled for my neighbor 's wife .
openness and honesty are the core of any marriage .
just ignore what anyone else suggests .
how do i impress her ?
a rose says i love you
dont worry , it 's weird , not bad
figure out what works for both of you .
she ’ s enough of a woman but she ain ’ t classy like us .
yep , especially after she got really sick ... .
can ’ t help you anymore unless you give me mor info .
there ’ s no way to be good or bad at kissing .
just think it out
having fun with dudes is okay
that 's probably more of a trust issue
i need help understanding this .
move on , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
he probably was n't into it either .
when you can , make it yourself .
u do anything else than work & fix stuff ?
i let her know that i really luv her .
the uppers think the frosh gals are easy game . that 's messed up !
should i really just kiss 'em ?
it should be in the deleted stuff if you take a peek .
i hope you find a cute girl
that 's a bad idea , its not for that purpose
its a long ass list
brokeback mountain , you like it even if you 're a guy
if its not dependent on sex , that 's fine
yah , but it 's bad luck to see the bride before the ceremony , y'know ?
hold on and godspeed !
uh , just a small family thing at my house
if you 're concerned about the performance , do n't go through with it
i 'm married now
it depends on age and upbringing
you need to choose your kid 's last name
kid 's life is hard without a dad
baldies look like kids , it 's ugly
the last games score was ... ?
choose the guy you 're with , or your ex .
best and easiest is fly or drive to vegas and get hitched .
yes i just wan na get to know u
size c or d at the most but the rest new much
lie to them and then just keep lying !
it ’ s double the pleasure since they haven ’ t performed before
my wife does n’t like wearing those brands
we have no idea what u look like
opposites attract , we can always find a life partner if we look hard enough
lol , this is def better than my everyday life
eh , you went with your ex there , do n't go there with your new date , too
talk to your bff and find out if it 's all good
weird , but it worked for me in about 3 to 5 days or so
it annoys me when you get teased by him about everything ! !
no , i 'm still unmarried .
a lot of dudes like big chicks , mostly black guys
should n't matter . you like him then say
do they throw shade when you 're together ?
dont get married if u feel like that
it depends if they are in vain
move on and date someone who likes u
get to know her and then ask the other out
i asked if he blowed me off
nasty old guys like young asians
do what you want !
hmm , tell him you just wan na keep this casual ...
that 's a hard situation and there are n't any easy answers !
they have been hard but good years .
we seen each other everyday for like 4 or 5 years !
if i am the guy you want then be wit me !
live a little and flirt !
stay with what u feel inside .
good luck
is it bad if i have n't kissed her since we started dating 8 months
its her choice
they look better than other countries
it 'll be okay the next day
ask her out for dinner and a movie .
some guys do n't think about it they just do it .
speak english please . i ca n't understand you .
sorry i do n't feel that way .
just remember that a bird ca n't fly with only one wing
yeah i think about this a lot
if you 're just whatever about it you 'll never find anyone to date
there 's this girl that i met and i 'm wondering if she likes me
dont just wait around for the call
quit your bitching , nobody cares if you 're gay
break up with him if he cant get it together
it 's possible he loves you and will end up letting his dad down .
fix it before you regret it ... . time is a-wasting .
this chick thinks bad boys are way over-rated .
i wan na hear what a black chick would say about this .
help me beat her in this debate .
almost all of those guys are near your age .
when will people realize and notice shit .
i 'm not sure what i should do .
you go and get wasted at the bar .
i acted like that with my new lover
if you have to ask , forget about it .
do n't wait for him to see you 're the one that 's good .
ugh , still stuck w/ this even though getting divorced
your bae will just think your being an ass .
why do n't you try dating chicks if you ca n't stand dating guys .
my dirty ex cheated on me after 3 full years
you will know soon enough . after six month see what happens .
the one i thought was good goes a little something like this .
not all dudes dumb chicks
its always tons of stuff to do over there
is it right to smooch on the 1st date ?
i got a homegirl i 'm close with
they in lust *lol
my friend says im too nice and i should say no
there is always an exception
not all men , but some do
if u do that , u keep ur last name
just walk up , introduce yourself , and ask if she 's available .
i was all hot and bothered , but i got out of there quick .
big girls can still be total cuties .
not everybody here is a student
unwrap starburst and tie cherry stems with your tongue for practice
vote for me in best answer and ill pay for you
look in public , you 'll feel more comfortable
just flirt with him and see what happens
also it takes the pressure off me to ask somebody
come on ! go out with me plz ! !
she 's not gon na forget that i messed up .
how do i make it seem i want more than sex ?
i 'm a guy i know about this stuff .
dont worry . ur 13
go fon a trail with a friend
it u love each other , it 'll work out
eye contact is important
i can lift him no problem
he needs to regain your trust and start completely over again
are you sure you want to ask her out ?
i hope u get the info soon
play truth or dare together
wait till uno for sure . then decide
that 's dumb . u just need a theory class
quit if u eat something like that
i keep thinking about fucking her
u will only know if u ask him directly
jamie will ask out rubi
its still happening cause neither has courage to end it
maybe they just dig learning about that stuff .
he 's dribbling the ball , he shoots annnnnnd score , 2 points for the champion .
do dudes really want big girls over other types ?
i know he loves you like you like you love him , but no one knows the future .
if he respects you , he will understand what u need .
we have our own sins started .
his answer was good enough for me .
love him sure , but let him go .