so what if it is a rebound relationship for the two of you ?
good luck in your search for the one !
my three years ex cheated on me .
work at it but do n't let him keep you locked up at home .
other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .
also men get bored and tire way before women do .
it is one way of saying , `` i do not like you . ''
king made a song about this : `` only your mother loves you ( and she might be jiving too ) . ''
he loves you , as well . time will tell .
my partner wants me to change my appearance .
i know i have someone who will be waiting when i come home .
i want to have sex with my partner , but we must be careful .
do you want all your friends forever ?
that does not mean that you are promiscuous .
you can try and go to a club and dance .
do not go to any place that you went with him/her .
there is plenty to do , and it is a lot of fun .
it all depends on when you are ready .
stay one hundred miles away from this guy .
just be prepared because if it happened once , it can happen again !
i am looking for a girl who wants to spend time with me .
probably not until he finds another girl .
the wife told me that we do not wear that .
if you have that question , then you should break up and open up to other options .
why do gay people want to get married ?
do you have to make a fast choice ?
they both do not respect your feelings .
i sincerely urge you to consider how many overly confident women exist .
she is too frightened to invite him on a date .
accept reality . how can you love a person with whom you do not even communicate ?
i would invite you on a date but i live in oregon and i am entirely uniformed as to where you live .
they have never performed before and this doubles the pleasure .
i will likely go and see one .
mail me a photo to my email address honorarius @ yahoo.com and i will tell you .
well , i am female , so i will help you out .
do n't state it specifically , let them figure it out when you 're together .
if i could , i would have kept my last name .
i hardly ever see him in school , usually i see him when i go to my brother 's basketball games .
he is telling that to some other girls as well .
reject him . there are many options for romantic partners .
i know because i am exactly the same as your wife .
when she telephones , respond with a text message .
not at all . i am five feet four inches tall and he is 6 feet 2 inches tall . `
do you not know the most important rule ? trust no one .
we 've tried to break up several times , but we can never manage to make it stick .
some people are attracted to thin and skinny people because the anorexic look is in .
if you have male genitals , then it should n't be a problem , just penetrate her genitals when you become erect .
may i suggest taking some self defense classes ?
i just left a three year relationship with my child 's father .
what happened to the politician when he took viagra ?
hi my name is going to remain anonymous , but i have been working together with this person for years .
i just feel that woman are complicated .
we like to be approached softly , with some slight chasing .
you would very surprised to see the type of people that are attracted to him .
it is very enjoyable , especially when you finally meet after texting for a few months .
i am in new york city and will help you out if you are around .
it sounds strange but it worked in three to five days for me .
do not worry as i am not working with much either .
if they do not get along , then do not spend time with them and do not worry what they think .
if he is , then you have a wonderful partner .
if he is interested in you , you will just know .
i guess that it is normal , but i would move on .
i like a man who is funny .
only you can decide on this issue .
do not tell everyone , just because you think it is right .
! 0 years is a nice age gap .
then if he still does not like you , move on .
they feel insecure around less educated men .
for one thing , if it does not work out , then there goes your job .
i hope that it does not ever pass .
avoid the ones that are not worth your time .
there is no reason for you two to dislike each other .
if you do n't ask the question , you will always wonder about the answer .
some people choose not to do that because of their religion .
you should give it a chance . if you end up breaking up with that person , it will be harder to be friends with them .
i wish you the best of luck !
i do not like being with men who are not ready to commit to a relationship .
this is an important day in both of your lives . it should not be done hastily or without consideration .
one man is willing to move 21 hours or 1,400 miles simply to be with me .
i must not be unattractive enough in that case .
however , that is fine . i am generous , if you understand my implication .
well , the dependence is in the woman 's camp . what is it she prefers ?
do n't forget , it requires a pair , as opposed to a single .
remain on the premises to the point in which the saloon shuts it doors for the day -- alternatively , stop by a penitentiary .
because , believe it or not , women dislike cocky men .
stick with what is inside of you .
well , it happened to me two times .
maybe you are young , i do not know .
no matter what he says , actions speak much louder than words .
there is nothing in this world like a big-boned girl .
even if he is rich , do not sell yourself .
i just moved to sacramento and am a thirty-year-old gay male .
the people such as your friends who are around you now should like you regardless .
because they like the breasts and genitals .
if you both feel the same way when you are older , then go for it .
i am not one of those people ; but , i know there are plenty of them .
i would assume `` no '' , especially since you have to ask .
i like to think that women are not as sophisticated as we men are .
does this mean he likes me ?
i know because i dates someone like that .
look at the way she walks .
no , i certainly hope not .
hello , i am interested in visiting your country .
over time , should i give him another chance ?
is that the same man you want to have a relationship with ?
i went , and there he was .
that is what i had called it , but why ?
that way you will still be able to use your last name .
i have told her that i like her but she said she would not want to ruin our friendship .
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
show her your naked baby pictures .
but , i am not telling you to be celibate until then .
if he is flirting with her , then gang up on him .
i love to run my fingers through curly hair .
i want my wife to grow also .
well , i guess that is just the way it is .
i can just toss him to the side like trash and forget about him ; but i am joking .
he was a little busy after that .
i do not know what to do because she knows how much i care for him .
if you do eat something like that then you should just quit .
it could be that you need to urinate or it could be the last dream that you had .
if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask .
if you were friends before and you have stronger feelings now , then it should be okay .
i want to try again .
figure out what style of arrangements and flowers you like .
lie , lie , lie and then lie some more .
wait till you find out for sure , then go from there .
he should not really care , if you two are at a dance .
trust him , and do not bring the matter up again .
honestly , most women are just waiting for the man to tell her how he truly feels .
now and again , i actually ponder this one .
i met a very romantic man in a large rainstorm .
some men like women who behave that way and others do not .
it comes after three-play and before five-play .
i feel foolish when i fall in love .
if you must ask , then you are not in love .
if you start to feel something coming on , restart the four play .
i do not understand the question . would someone please give me the answer .
i saved $ 500-600 doing my own flowers for my wedding and it was not a hassle .
ask a girl about those symptoms , because i am a boy .
be yourself , show a bit of toughness , that is what girls like , at least most girls , but above all be yourself .
follow your heart , it is never wrong .
they annoy you all throughout the day .
watch for if he telephones , sends an electronic mail or even cares .
you can attempt a civilian arrest .
usually you feel a spasm in your back .
by now , you may love your wife just for everything the two of you have endured .
i hope that everything works out for you .
tell this person you love them , and then wait for their answer .
attempt to invite her on a date again and observe her response .
there is no way to force a person to fall in love with you .
ask her question ; do not merely speak .
and remember that there is more than one .
i just think they look better than a many other nations out there .
once again , we got married !
overall , i do not think that it really matters .
and i am certainly not driving five hours just to spend time with her , unless i really liked her .
how often can you have sexual relations with pamela anderson ?
i told her i sincerely loved her .
what good did it do ?
i do not like to break another one 's heart .
give them a rose and express your love for them .
i like the thick ones because the thin ones make me feel cheated .
because we always find a life partner and it is usually someone that is the opposite side of us .
what are you talking about ?
if you keep on talking to him for another week , then he is going to think he is married to you .
women do not want that much , just some acknowledgement and occasionally a little help .
that is what it seems like to me .
do no be afraid to say no .
end the relationship , there are always more fish in the sea .
it does not matter to me , though a handful is quite enough .
choose the one the adores you the most !
you released at least a thousand of them .
you went to a bar and drank too much .
think about it before you act .
you should not leave them but instead teach them what to do better .
bembie got it right .
no , the two of you kiss when you are ready .
user julesac is amusing , but rude .
if you are asking this , then you must have already distanced yourself from her yet remain as a friend .
do n't try to figure out the answer , that is just how it is .
i do n't know , but i do have another website that i visit .
it depends on how strongly you feel about this man .
he must be very controlling .
everything depends on the individual woman and her level of interest in the man .
search out and attempt new activities in order to meet people .
in most cases there are multiple issues rather than only one .
if you truly care for them .
for the young men : is your preference a larger woman or a petite woman ?
if all you do is fight it is not worth it .
you just need to be patient and the appropriate lady will come along .
a wife , because you can accomplish more without committing a sin .
it depends , some days i desire to have sexual relations , other days i do not .
also , they are more passionate when they make love .
perhaps since you are the most attractive young lady they have ever encountered .
it 's strongly dependent on whether or not a person is vain .
a person i 'm able to act naturally with .
send me you photograph , and contact me .
stay away from this male friend .
the doctor can not even believe it .
if not , do not sweat it !
i could give you some pointers .
if you feel that you love is fading , do not just sit there and do nothing !
i will not stay with someone that i do not trust .
there was only one time i told a girl i loved her and meant it .
you married him and it was for a reason .
take off your shirt and do a tarzan yell .
yes . down there , do not have sex .
they accept this in their culture .
always ride the trail with a friend .
you did not give us very good information ; do you all live in one house ?
move on because it does not matter if he is attractive ; looks are not everything .
the most important thing is to just be yourself .
i have never felt that way .
i would not like any girl who would make my life difficult .
if he gets the tickets , you get the popcorn .
you can practice , and ask if you are doing good .
if you are positive , then first tell your parents , if you have not already done so , that is .
i met mine at a carnival .
that sounds like a rhetorical question .
i believe that everyone should keep their name .
your initial kiss should feel like you are in heaven .
this situation is a challenging one with lots of problems .
how to keep a woman content .
please abstain from doing things that might be harmful to you .
you will be compensated more if you are willing to work more .
do not approach her and let her know that you find her looks very attractive .
i do n't think it 's a good idea , you are not there for that purpose .
go up to her and say `` hi , are you single ? ''
i think he would make a great valentine .
just be prepared to let her go .
rather than just sit there and wait , you are a good one .
get away from it all , go enjoy a massage .
well , if you really like this man , smile and talk nicely to him .
take them both out at the same time .
it happened to me and now i am dating that person .
first , plan what you desire and do not worry about what everyone else desires .
you may just be over looking the type of men who think the most of you..
preferably a person who does not dislike you .
we attempted to move on , but it did not work out .
i would not bother calling him back .
try not to be around him , and find another guy .
look for another attractive girl , so she will be jealous .
so in my opinion you are not a promiscuous woman .
red equals love , black equals death , etc .
break up with her . if she is attracted to him , then she is not attracted to you . it is not his fault that she strays .
for me , after three days , i might start to forget about you .
find a girl , who is pretty and has talents .
there is no one you can trust more than a good friend !
you could start the day by eating breakfast out , then take a nice walk .
if she says yes , then go pick them up .
if yes is the answer , why did i hear a girl say that flowers will not last ?
it may be that it is interesting for them to learn about that .
could it ever be the same ?
it is not that bad because at least it is not bella .
or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances .
that is a culture that has things right .
my twin will not talk or listen to me .
do you want to get something that you can not get rid of .
i am not thinking about him , but i am having dreams about him .
i think it would be fine to get a video game .
if he can not , then perhaps take him on a dinner date to a place where you can slow dance .
i feel that this is the most beautiful part of a family life .
it is your choice not to hate one but i dislike them at the very least .
do not get married without a prenup .
do not waste my life .
did she say you were too good for her ?
friends are forever because guys come and go .
it could mean many things .
affirmative , it is commonplace because many people exist who have residual fondness for a former romantic partner .
i 'd enjoy hearing the viewpoint of an african american woman regarding this subject .
men are unintelligent ! what person understands the meaning behind their behavior ?
well , if they delivered to you their contact details , you require no waiting period whatsoever .
because they served as masters of the entire cosmos .
i am in love , and i do not care who knows it , buddy the elf .
and whatever you do , do not try to have both of them at once .
you would not be asking , if you really wanted to be with him .
remember : being friends with someone online is fine , but there are limits .
my sister closes her eyes when she prepares herself to kiss someone .
um , modest get-together for relatives .
females are sexual deviants . they simply conceal it and behave as such in the company of other females covertly .
also , i 've merely made it to grade five , yeah !
what is your desire , however ?
please do n't do that . it will not work .
if they do n't love you , then it is time to move on .
he is everything i wanted with his looks and money .
it is bad look to see the bride in her dress before the wedding ceremony .
she is not a liar .
he has his nose pierced .
i can lift him .
you would need a therapist for that .
perhaps some sexually deviant men like the very young looking asian girls .
you should probably go and see a psychiatrist .
he is giving you stupid , off-the-wall excuses and acting in ways that he did not before .
be strong and hold on .
no , he is too large and i am too weak .
if she is so intoxicated that she becomes sloppy or uncouth , then yes , it is unattractive .
especially when you do n't feel like it .
he dribbles , he shoots , he scores : two points .
having sex to have a male stay with you , is similar to selling your soul to the devil .
i 'm unable to give you a wife 's view , but hopefully mine is just as well .
as well , it takes the pressure off of me to ask .
it depends upon the woman . i prefer shaved .
ask in proper english . i can not comprehend your meaning .
i 'm a man . i 'll inform you what i 'm aware of .
i enjoy passing time with him . i want to win him over , not push him away .
all right , i am very , very into this one man and i 'm unaware as go his feelings in return .
by the by , the avatar you 're using has some familiarity for me .
the time elapsed equals more than six months and it seems i 'm unable to move on .
it 's possible he believes he 'll be rejected . simply inquire . i 'd do so .
you must contemplate that and it should provide assistance in determining whether or not he 's trustworthy !
it is a picture in the shape of a heart with both of you in it from when you first dated .
he is my only source of income until i graduate from college .
is it bad if i have not kissed the girl i have been with for eight months ?
there are men that do not like the breast of a woman .
maybe she just wants to date other people ?
we have seen each other every day for 4 -5 years .
he arrived at his station , so he left the train .
i know exactly what i desire in a relationship .
i would flirt with him and send flowers and candy to yourself . then he would ask you out .
i also despise seeing my dad unhappy .
i know i snore sometimes , and i feel bad .
i need to know if i am in love .
if you love each other , you can work out the fights .
you both do not want to call it quits .
that does not mean that big girls can not be cute .
he is , however , getting married this month .
those guys are jerks , and you do n't want to associate with them .
you should get married only after you have been with a man for at least two years .
men have a penis and women have a clitoris .
separate the undesirable thing and move on .
if she tells the administration i will be expelled because it is pakistan , not america .
you should become acquainted with her and sooner or later one of you will ask the other out .
maybe we can go on a date and we will find love with each other .
i am married now .
you need to date some new people .
as everyone has told you , do not get married too early .
i want to know if you have been to the doctor yet .
pay attention to what the other person says .
talk to your spouse about this .
you are young if you are interested in sixth graders .
ask them if they want to go someplace with you .
a trip to an amusement park including roller coasters or perhaps a theatrical museum .
or do you fellows prefer larger women ?
the problem is that i care for him very much .
should i break up with him because of his mother ?
i accidentally did this in the past and my friend was angry that i deleted him .
i do not think i mind either way .
but that is her way . you could attempt it that way or you could remain watchful .
there are some that do , but you should be able to notice .
are you talking about your avatar ?
i do not ever remember giving a woman a christmas gift , unless i liked her .
i do not know what to do .
try to be yourself , and not show off .
so , just take id daily and step-by-step . think of how he lost a good thing .
give her compliments , honesty , and make it about her .
i believe that she will hurt him .
it only means that she is very interested in the man .
please do , but i believe that you would get slapped or kicked in the groin while you are in mid-reach .
she and i are only just now both divorced .
if the person wants to see your picture right away , it is about sex .
it is better than if you giver her a fake telephone number to call .
ask her to move to massachusetts .
if you feel this strongly about it , then maybe you should not get married .
based on the pictures i have seen , i would say maui or the bahamas .
the man i am attracted to is angry with me .
you are thirteen-years-old , so do not even worry about it .
that way you do not have to worry about calling him too much .
i am a man , and let me tell you , `` we love to chase . ''
in advance , thank you for the pep .
we always seem to push away the ones that we love .
they think that they can control the lives of others when they can not .
that is strange but perhaps . i do not know . i will speak to my friend later next to his locker .
if the man cares then he calls .
what gift can i give my future brother in law for his birthday ?
he does not want to , either .
some guys do ; and some do not .
the timing simply was not right for it with the elderly man . you will see .
generally kind . and for my fifth , i will simply be disappointed if she is unintelligent .
it is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
i do not believe that you have to earn someone trust . i do not see how that is possible .
do not let her control you . she needs to learn to deal with it .
i have a yahoo e-mail address and that is sufficient for me .
do not concern yourself with it .
they never had a chance .
you know you were meant to be together if you can break wind in front of each other .
how old are they ?
and any man who says he would is probably not being entirely honest with himself .
if you flirt with him , there is no challenge .
if you need your ex emotionally , then you have some troubles ahead .
twenty to thirty-two is fine and she does not have to be younger than you .
maybe she does not love you but try using your brain and not your heart .
tons of cheap ideas are out there , find what you like and work with it .
if you are worried about doing it , performance wise , do not do it .
find another woman and if it does not work out , move back .
most often ( not every time ) that will be boys around your age , give or take .
if you act like that all of the time , she may believe that you are desperate .
not every person here is in school .
should i attempt the first interaction or should i wait for him to make his attempt first ?
after a while , you do not even see the color .
i have not tried it yet , but i am still trying to wok up the nerve to .
asking her that question should not bother her , if you two are in a serious relationship .
ask her , `` what is up with that ? ''
maybe ask if they would like to go on a date sometime soon .
those were great times .
she 's concerned only about herself . no , that should not occur on a primary outing .
do you honestly want to spend your life with someone you argue with all the time ?
you are too precious for those people .
it depends on the age , do they use cds or dvds ?
you are twenty years old , you can start all over again .
i would like to visit the usa , what are things i will need ?
you seem like a very lovely person , so do not let some of these women get you down .
if you go out and enjoy yourself , have fun and do not keep looking , a girlfriend will come along .
he is getting married , stop pursuing it .
is it similar to a clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?
when she starts to close her eyes , lean in , and kiss her on her lips . then the rest is up to you .
please be honest with me , i can handle the truth .
doing that shows how much they care about you .
you should tell her that you miss and love her .
some ideas are to get coffee or lunch , sight-see , walk and talk , play in the park , visit a museum , or attend a movie matinee .
if what you want is a hooker , you can find one in any part of the world .
now we do all of these things together . i do n't know what i should do .
because if it fails you will be in a lot of trouble .
also , for me at least , it has been the best thing .
the issue is that he did the worst thing that he could have done by cheating on me recently .
unless he is treating you badly , she should be happy that you are happy .
women like it when men are thoughtful .
he may call you back if you give him space .
tell him you are looking to keep it casual .
they will think you are leering if you look at them creepily .
i am not certain whether he loves you , but he definitely likes you .
if a man really respects you , then he will understand .
think about whether you can really afford it and , if you want to , then go forward .
because he is the type of superhero who most closely resembles an average guy .
in some cases the problems are worth it if the good outweighs the bad .
i do not think it is wise to date at work .
let it take course from there .
about what they think about gay marriage/relationships ?
so of course i had to ask him if he was ignoring me .
men will find you attractive regardless with this , generally .
however , i do not think that , by having intercourse with him , he will become unfaithful or leave you .
marriage is truly about trusting and communicating .
i had a similar problem as well .
it would depend on what you have kissed .
it would depend on whether you could trust him previously .
you should make sure that getting your point across does not result in her hating you .
where have you been meeting this filipinos ?
that way , you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them .
if he is , then go for it !
then , see if she is open for a dinner and a movie .
hello , i am sorry but i do not know and i wish the best of luck to the both of you !
however , i find him looking at me every now and then .
this is sin . we have started this .
entertainment includes eating meals , though not breakfast , if you understand me .
make a kind move . if there is no response , then you know what to do .
allow him to approach you . if you initiate anything , you will seem obsessed with him .
you people do not have the right to get married .
my tragic love story was that i loved him very much and he loved me as well .
you seem desperate and you will never find someone by acting desperate .
however , he insists that we are only friends .
looks do not really matter unless you are attempting to prove something .
i know once you have had sex with him , he is not longer a good friend .
the fact that a guy is so self-centered is a huge turn-off for me .
do not rush it . feel all of your emotions come alive .
its a two way street until you get them , then you will know which one .
so you have one baby out of wedlock ?
i know i 'm overly picky about people , how can i stop ?
it hurts , a lot , maybe some girls might say that 's it .
i 'm going to jump that boy , is that the right choice ?
it was a good idea .
it is not a turn off if she drinks too much .
some women will send men tiny messages without saying anything clearly .
i would prefer it if they left me alone .
you can ask her to go do something she is interested in , or see a movie that she would like .
it is unfortunate that it is not automatic as with msn and aol .
that is how they will react to it . it is a bad situation for you and him .
return to that person immediately , before it becomes too late for you .
i also want to cause that person to stop smiling .
and , ask if he desires to dance with you .
then , she might state , `` that looks ugly . i think blue looks better . ''
implore him to go visit a doctor .
i never accompanied him a second time .
first of all , why did you break up ?
why wait ? go forth and execute it .
as long as he does not mind , who else 's opinion matters ?
i believe i am quite enraptured with him .
i never desired to have intercourse again .
the most important thing is to not attempt revenge on the one who wronged you .
if you must ask other people , then i do not believe you are ready .
i am a woman and i say those things .
a large area for savings is flowers .
time will tell . allow six months to pass and see what happens .
either that or you are the only one who will have sex with him .
from your list , i would choose spiderman .
i was cheated on for three of the years i was in a relationship .
all seniors think freshman girls are loose . it is sad , but true .
if he says , `` yes , '' then you can tell him .
impress her with love and affection .
if you have experienced it , what was it like ?
celebrate valentine 's day with indulgence , give each other gifts , and have a good time .
u have to be her friend .
that sounds more like a rhetorical question than a real one .
i 'm not trying to be mean ... .
women send men mixed messages sometimes
up fr coffee and chat then see what happens ?
hate it when my dad is bummed out .
ask him if you should see a doc or somethin'
give him a break , you 're not the center of the dang universe .
i do n't think he 'll leave or cheat if u dont screw him
will i always feel like that ? ? ?
but he may like all the coyness and yearning
and i wan na try again
some men shave because there women likes them to shave .
well if you really like this guy smile and talk to him with respect .
i 'm not sure if he loves you but i do know for sure that he definitely likes you .
women are complicated because that is how men see us .
im overly selective with people . how do i stop
that sounds girly
the good may be better than the bad
only if u both agree
why do u like the boy who bullies u
men dont think they need u till ur gone
ehhhhh don ’ t be scared to tell a bro no !
is lov what i want ? ?
they will thing u a creep if u leer at them
ur right . it is complicated
how do i get my love to show he loves md
yeah if you defo love them
doesnt matter if he us rich , dont sell yourself
you sound like a great guy , dont let these women get you down
idk but theres another site i go to
you need to think about how many arrogant women there are out there
well if your not dating then that seems kinda like a whore move
and so he was like , do you wan na use my chapstick ?
you should n't ever ever ever let a man treat you wrong !
definitely not , he 's huge and i 'm really gd weak
go on and tell him if he says yes
what mistake did u take part in
king 's got that joint 'only ur mother luvs u '
aint no point in being beaud up if they gon na treat u bad
if u did it , what was it like ?
girls that drink turn me on
if that 's what u want
its like getting over addiction
i should try that next time i start dating
but what do you want ?
it sounds like you both like things just as they are now .
do n't let yourself be dominated , she 'll just have to get used to it .
if he does n't do n't be upset as you can always catch another fish .
no guy can give you what you want .
if you wan na keep being married , find yourself .
start from scratch , then go from there .
ask em if they wan na go somewhere with you .
do n't keep bringing it up , trust him
i still have n't tried that but i 'm working on it
find the one that luvs you for you
come around my town and i 'll be ur chick
do n't touch this dude with a 10 foot pole
u do n't hate one , that 's fine , i dun like none of 'em
i 'd guess maybe around 3 or 4 or so
he 's been telling that smack to other girls to , he 's a man whore
really deep down i knew my previous girls were n't the one . then i met my wife .
no matter what , do n't try to have them at the same time
sex is n't the only important thing .
i got yahoo mail it works .
fun for me includes eating you feel me lol
i mean he be busy after all that .
that would be just fucking !
do n't walk up to that girl an tell her she sexy crazy .
it really sounds like you have a lot on your plate at this time .
i 'm a guy , sou may want to ask another girl about those experiences .
i felt one way for a long time , but then my eyes really opened when i met the love of my life .
your best friend is always a backup plan if you ca n't find someone else to marry .
i dont just want to pop out and be like will you go out with me ?
lest you know him really well , you ’ re setting yourself up for hurt !
if it ’ s your personal belief is not good or bad
those guys make you crazy bothering alllll day .
lol go to hawaii or pay a guy to do it lmao
i can throw em away n forget about it like yesterday ’ s garbage ! ! !
is it like that clear liquid that 's yellow when it dries ?
is weird when she drunk and sits on yo mans lap
it always had to be his way ... .
determination is a self given gift .
got ta wait 2years until you get hitched to a dude .
greetings and hugs to all my cone girlllzzzzzz !
just be yourself when you are together with her
idk what you are saying
the guy asked , do you mind if we cuddle ?
why would some guys do that ?
there are a few good girls out there , you have to look in the right places !
you got ta move on or work it out !
get yourself together , how can you love someone you do n't want to talk to ? ! ? !
find a pretty , talented girl !
um that does n't mean you are slutty ...
this is the only chance you have to enjoy true love .
you 're gon na have to find it yourself .
they gon na get ova u in 2 months
you might not see color after some time but it depends
i think he just wants to know if you 're into him
if she 's not into it anymore
no worries , u r def not slutty
there 's no way of making a person feel something for you
definitely end it and keep your options open
had a pap smear before
yes im proud to have long black hair
i have a buddy in the same spot
maybe age is an issue
i 'm not going to give you my name but i 've worked with this person for years
you 'll tell him if you truly love him ...
if your really attracted to her just follow your emotions !
think hard about if you can afford it and if you can go ahead !
um i say get your old life back so you can survive !
dude , what are you saying ?
do n't be flirty ... its not a turn-on
some women would probably say it 's painful
it 'd be so much easier if i was pissed
just be done if they are
this is your punishment : 1mo no tv ... .
just say it , its not crazy because you ’ ve been to get her for so long !
does n’t seem simple , tell me one more time slowly .
give em a chance to notice you ! ! !
unless its w/ wrong guy
my bf is obsessed w/ me and does n't wan na lose me ! ! !
eh depends on whether they got brown hair
its just got ta play out after a while
everyone wants to hear that they are sexy even if they wo n't admit it ! !
i dance in downtown houston at clubs
i say good luck ... but do ur homework !
i like natural more than a face with soooo much makeup on it
if you like him then you should def go for it !
we are divorced
who said women have no emotions
actions are louder than words
im thinking about a medium pink hue
see if he calls emails or even gives a crap
dont ignore her , def listen and dont change the subject
hes my only $ $ $ til i graduate college
she 'll tell u if its not ok
im good either way i think
do n't eat where you poop .
i am trying to get blonde highlights too .
just focus on school and your boyfriend .
ohh no should n't have done it
warm up to it , spend 5 minutes kissing and fondling you know that kind of thing
what 's a unique gift to give my brother in law
be yourself man do n't show off
if they dont then just live ur life
your first kiss should be memorable
this is the most beautiful thing in family
be genuine
i kno 3 guys i can do that with
u can beat his ass if he keeps flirting w her
stick with the 13 or 14 year old boys
tell him he 's being a dick and you just wan na be friends
cool , its like getting your dads approval
you have 2 wait for him to ask you out or you 'll look desperate
if he wont let up he just wants to bone you
i wan na have fun with you , that 's why i answered this .
is that how you feel ?
give him some cash and tell him to go .
he might call .
imagine what it 'd be like without them
i choose the domestic goddess
are you deep in love with her ?
men are always the first to get bored
get a good deal on flowers
either fix it or leave , make sure your happy
not everyone is decent boyfriend material just because you think they could be
do a citizens arrest on him
its not about the size of the pencil , its how your sign your name .
yes , this is great for all women
guys do n't like secrets
well yeah , but it 's up to the guy
people ca n't get why i 'm hurrying
neither of em respect u
i totally ca n't talk to him even seeing him every week in psr
r u kidding , a dude who does that all da time is not for me ! ! !
give me a guy with nice smooth shaved legs anytime ! ; o
so you really on the down low or just going for a test drive
oh yeah , id say they do that for sure
now that 's a real f/up that ya ca n't take back ! ! ! !
i had my cherry popped in a park when i was 16 .
she says they never met but they love each other really .
ask that guy if he 'll dance with you !
u should have faith and live a full life .
did you fall down ? i do n't know but i want to do it with you .
he knows you like him , just ask him out
dont be scared and tell him
im not gon na drive 5 hours to spend time with someone i dont like
do they gossip on the phone
play sports with ur guy friends
u feel happy and giddy when u fall in love
i cant live with my husband
we always push away those we like
if u both still think that way when you 're older , do it
you 're a man in the slightest sense
a and b cups are the best
if you 're next to an ugly dude you 'll look hot as a woman
yeah it 's happened to me too and now i 'm dating them
tell her wut you feel
you got naked baby pics
why do they want to marry
we did it on the hood in the rain
men do n't need to grow up if women let em act like that .
do it a few times and you 'll be cool .
while sex is like so fantastic !
i think hes pissed right now so he aint gon na be wit you .
fill me in if someone has the answer .
red is love , black your a goner and so on .
beefy people is what i like , feel ripped off with a skinny minni .
if your clueless ask someone who would know .
when he tries to make up it will be fun
go with the one who likes you
ive been hard for her since freshman year
she was checkin you out , right ?
i had no idea that life could be like this , so fantastic !
so , what 's the best option for you and for him ?
if nothing else , at least her phone number was the real deal .
it 's all good , you are n't a slut !
they should get married if they ca n't control themselves .
she is on the phone with him all the time !
i do n't see why , if you 're already handing it .
i 've seen you love a guy many times , but you just could n't be sure if he felt the same .
is his mother a good enough reason to break up with him ?
just be a nice dude and go for it , and if she does n't really respond , then you know she 's not feeling it .
my friends got hitched 6 months after their first date !
show her what you can do .
you look dumb .
this culture gets it right !
if ya 'll do n't ask you 'll always wonder .
im saying dont worry so much ... my 2 cents
whats the worst that could happen ? ? ? ?
i hate 4 her 2 be that way . confused ! ! ! ! do know what to do ... .
look for a person who doesnt hate you
don ’ t be salty ... ..
some guys do n't wan na dance .
this generation is retarded
well , could you trust him before ?
ugly fat guys cant be picky
some people want to be a wife or husband
its not worth it if you only argue
enjoy asking that 2 ur cellmate in jail !
do i like u ?
what 'd you kiss
even i am curious about sex with another woman .
she ai n't got ta be younger 20-32 is good .
that happens , your decision will be easier .
he cheated , which i think means i can lift or carry my husband .
make the best out of a bad set-up
u looking for dating or friends
id be good for valentines day
its very tempting : /
how long does it take for your relationship to get boring ?
it just depends how fast you can get ready .
yeah i 'd like to meet the girls .
it is what it is .
having online friends is cool as long as you set limits
do you want him to be your baby daddy ?
he has low value if he turns you down girl
you 'll learn from experience , i promise
hope u married hubby coz of luv
i bet ima have someone waiting when i get home
u better go get that massage lol
ion know where 2 start
all depends how ur body looks , you like what u see when u look in the mirror ?
are you telling me that u referring to you avatar ?
he 'll call you if he cares about you .
there 's a huge different between banging and making love .
just cuz you have a kid , does n't mean you got to stay together man .
are you from the city or country ?
you can always get married and have kids later , but you ca n't do school later .
ive never gone to it
do you wan na have a relationship with the same guy ?
how often can you have sex with pam andersen ? ? ? ? ? ?
make sure she does n't end up hating your when you make your point to her
my mom has cancer too . too close to home !
running my fingers through curly hair , < 3 < 3 < 3 < 3
i mean u 2 both .
wait and the right gal will come , u will c ...
i want my spouse to grow 2 ...
u need to make a move when there shy like that
the dr was just as surprised
its a yes , even if you do n't agree
well boys do that but men dont
just try and say do you wan na go out at some point
i had this happen to me two separate times !
dont date a guy just bc you think you have to
listen if u really wanted him that bad you would not be asking me ! !
i am hoping that it does not ever happen !
ladies just want guys 2 tell them how they really feel.. ,
u know how excited girls r when u doing it to them the right way
show her how much u want her ! !
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss right on my forehead
yes im not 1 of those people -- i know there 's lots of them
ok it depends on how much you 're starting to have feelings for this boy ... .
thank for the pep in advance
why do they want to be married ?
i like gentle flirting with some romance
lets to an amusement park or museum .
i like the guy , but how do i know if i 'm in love ?
which do you prefer , manicured nails or fake 1s ?
do n't worry about what other ppl want , plan what you want
i do n't get u
i like your perfume
most guys dont care , but it depends on teh individual
it doesnt have to do with u being naive
dont get married so soon
you are bad if u cheat on ur wife
just do you . if he likes what he sees he will speak to you .
that person is the only one you want to be with .
he 's about to get hitched ... .do n't even go there !
did you let her know how annoying checking in with you every single day is ?
new neighbor asked me to chill
teenage boys and girls like masturbating
he is good at basketball
dont sweat
are you someone who likes to fight ?
the most important issue is not trying to retaliate against the one who did you wrong .
one man who will go hours and miles to be with me .
omg , have you been to a doc yet ? !
maybe she was n't a bitch but the skinny girl was def ! !
get a life and stop wasting my time ! ! !
its like the same thing as binging on chocolate then cryin about being fat
i went there and he was there
oh yeah if he 's not taken then grab him
oh yeah if you dont do what they say you 're gon na get a beating
well do you like him or not ?
tell your mom and dad if you have n't already
most will tell you no
u think he feels the same way about u ?
some guys only say love if they mean it ...
he def likes u , show him how u feel ! !
i think everyone should keep their own name .
guys enter and exit , but friends are forever
believe that it was considered love
you should be ready even if your relationship survives the four seasons .
some guys like chicks of that type and others , not so much
be a sham if u want kids
young dudes or old women , watch think ?
he wants to keep the shit up
there is no alternative to just being `` love . ''
your self-image is super important
i am a girl and i say that stuff ...
girls can be just as perverted ... trust me ! ! ! !
flowers are nice but dont last long
i have n't seen some movies
she is sweet . u should have her
use your brain not ur dick . maybe she doesnt like u
plz dont take this the wrong way but that sounds like a girls name .
never call him back is not worth the problems .
not interested in any ladies on my app list so i picked my neighbors sweet lady .
marriage is all trust and talking things out between each other
whatever they say to do , do not listen !
what can i do to snag her ?
give her a ros44e and tell her you love her .
it 's not the norm , but it 's not a bad thing either .
try working things out so you both end up happy
those girls could be enough for a man but their not up to our level
you got it , especially when she got sick .
i need more info b4 i can help u more .
there 's no wrong or right way 2 kiss .
you should take ur time in deciding ...
having some fun w/ ur guy friends is fine
i 'd say its more of a trust issue ...
i need help with this i 'm screwed
if he dont like you then move right along
he doesnt want to know
if you can then make it yourself
is there anything else you do besides work and fix things ?
i told her straight-up that i loved her
the senior guys think the freshman chicks are all easy , sad
how do i give him a kiss
look in the deleted items , that 's where it should be
good luck finding that nice girl
that 's a horrible idea , think of why you are there
that list could go on forever
be happy with anyone even if it 's a man , just like brokeback mountain
do n't base your whole relationship on sex
it 's super bad luck if you sneak a peek at the bride on the wedding day .
stay strong out there , and i wish you the best !
it 's just some lil get together for the fam .
if you 're not really feeling the performance aspect , then skip it .
i just tied the knot
depends on how you were raised , how old you are , etc
no rush , you just got ta pick a last name when you have kids
do n't you think your kid 's gon na have a rough time being raised without their daddy ?
bald men look like babies to me , it 's just not cute
what was the score of the last game
get rid of ur ex cause u have a better man
fly or drive to vegas to get married
yes ! i want to know u way better .
c or d is just what i like . does n't need 2 be bigger than that .
never admit the truth just change the lies !
they never played live before so it is twice as good .
momma wo n't let me wear those clothes .
we have n't seen you !
cause opposites attract and you 'll always find some one
i def think that this is better than my life !
dont go to the same places that you went with your ex .
talk to your bestie and lem me know if it 's cool
it sounds weird , but it def worked for me in 3-5 days
i dont like when he messes with you
no im not married
some men do like big girls , most tend to be african american .
overlook his faults and stay with him if you care .
do they make fun of you when with him ?
if your against it that much- then dont get married .
it depends on if their vain or not .
get over it and get someone who actually likes you .
get to know her so you can ask her out soon .
i think he was blowing me off , so i asked .
i think some young guys like asian girls .
make your own decision .
just let him know you want something low key .
this is just plain bad , stuffed with lots of smaller bad things .
they 've been pretty good years , but not the easiest
we 've seen each other everyday for four or five years ! !
pretend i 'm the guy you want and date me !
hey a little flirting never hurt anyone !
you should go with your gut !
good luck .
why have n't i kissed a girl after eight months with her ?
it 's her choice .
they look better than lots of other nations .
the day after is alright by me .
see if she can go for movie and dinner
men get to the point . women dont
ask in english i dont get it
sorry , but i dont know ...
remember , a bird has never flown with one wing
i often worry about this
you 'll never find a girlfriend if you are so needy
i met a girl recently , i want to know if i have a chance .
dont sit and wait for a call
be what and what you want to be
if he gets it thru his head cool . if not move on
if he really loves u he 'd disappoint his dad .
better do it before its too late
this girl does not want a shitty man .
i like hearing black woman talk about this
hel pme argue with her
most of the men are similar to ur age
ugh , when will ppl figure this out ? !
i dunno what i should do now
you go to a bar and get wasted !
i acted like that in front of my boyfriend .
if you got ta ask , it is a no .
do n't just sit there and wait till he sees you for what you are .
im getting a divorce and i 'm stuck with this ! !
um your bf will think your being a jerk ...
maybe give girls a try , since guys can be so off-putting .
i was with my ex for about 3 years before they were unfaithful .
just see what the next 6 months has in store , and you 'll find out .
there is one in particular i was fond of , and it goes a little something like this .
not all guy break up with their girls
theres a lot of fun stuff there
is it alright to kiss on the first date
i have a girl friend
they wan na fuck each other
my friend thinks im too nice and should say no to them
but ( there 's always a but )
some guys do , not all of them , though
if you do that you can keep your last name
go up say hey and ask if she 's dtf
yo that was mad hot but kinda scared me off
fat girls can be hot
not everyone here is taking classes
practice taking the wrapper off of starbursts & tying cherry stems ... .with your tongue
if u vote for me for best answer , i 'll pay !
go to a public place . you 'll be more comfortable .
work with him and pay attention to how he reacts .
and inviting someone takes the pressure off me .
please say you 'll date me .
she remembers my messes .
how can i let her know that i 'm not just one more guy who 'll hit on her and run ?
i 'm a guy so let me enlighten you .
it 's gon na be ok , you 're 13 .
do n't go trail riding by your damn self .
if you two love each other , it 'll be good ! ! ! !
got ta make eye contact .
yep i can lift him .
he 's got ta start again and gain ur trust .
u wan na ask who out ?
i 'm hoping you read this really carefully
play truth or dare together !
wait till you find out and confirm , then go from there
um that is stupid bc you need a theory class for that ! ! !
just stop if you eat anything like that
ca n't stop thinking about sex with her
the only way to find out is to ask him face to face
woot jamie is asking rubi out on a date ! !
its carrying on because neither of you have the balls to end it
they seem to like learning about that
oh snap - he straight up just scored 2 points
do guys like fatter girls
he loves you too , but you got ta wait to know
if a guy respects u , he 'll understand u .
we started this ... ..our own sins .
the dudes answer works for me .
you 'll be able to love him still , but get over it