what does it matter if it is a rebound relationship for you both ?
i wish you luck in your search for `` the one '' .
i dated someone for 3 years and they cheated on me .
work on your relationship , but do not let him keep you locked up at home .
ask him how he is once in a while .
men get bored before women do .
it is one way of saying that you do not like them .
king had a song about this : '' only your mother loves you ( and she might be jiving , too ) '' .
he loves you too and time will tell .
he wants me to change how i look .
i know i have someone , to whom i come home .
did it feel good ? because i want to have sex , but you have to be careful .
you want all of your friendships to last forever ?
it does not mean that you are loose .
i am going to a club and dancing .
do not go anywhere you went with him or her .
they are tons of fun and plenty to do .
it depends on when you are ready .
stay 100 miles away from the man .
be prepared , because if it happens once , it can happen again .
i am looking for a girl who wants to spend time with me .
he will get another girlfriend .
my wife does not like to wear those brands .
you should break up and keep yourself open to other options .
why do homosexuals look to marriage ?
take time to decide .
they do not respect your feelings .
no , seriously , think about the number of arrogant girls that are out there .
she is too scared to ask him to go out .
get a hold of yourself , how could you love a person that you do not even speak to ?
i would ask you to go out , but i live in oregon and i have no idea where you live .
they have not performed previously and the pleasure is twice as nice !
i will most likely go and see .
send me a picture of you , and i will let you know .
i am a girl , so i can give you some advice .
do n't tell them but let them find out once you are in bed with her .
if i would 've kept my last name its just freaking name .
i hardly ever see him in school . i usually see him with my brothers playing basketball .
he is telling that to some girls too because he is a womanizer .
you need to leave him ; there are plenty of people to find while looking for love .
i am aware because i am just like your wife .
when she calls you , send her a text message back .
no chance , i am five feet four inches tall and he is six feet two inches tall .
do you not know that the number one rule is to trust no one ?
we have tried breaking up a couple of times but it never happens .
oh and some because they are thin and skinny , and these days anorexic girls are a turn on .
if you have a penis then it is no problem ; you just have to penetrate her vagina with your erect penis .
in that case , take some self defense classes .
i just got out of a three year relationship with my baby 's father .
what happened when the politician took viagra ?
hello , my name is `` xxxxxx '' and it has been working for me for years .
i am only able to say that women are complicated .
we like a soft approach and a little bit of pursuing .
you really would be surprised by the types of people who go to them .
when you meet each other after texting for a few months , it can be very enjoyable .
hello , i am in new york city , i will help you out if you are available .
it sounds strange , but it worked for me , in about three to five days .
do not worry , i am not working with much either .
if they do not get along , then they should not spend time together . why does it matter what they think ?
if he is , then you have a good man .
if he likes you , you will know it !
i guess it is normal but i would just move on .
i like any guy that has a sense of humor .
you are the only one who can make this decision .
do n't just spill everything because you think it is right .
a ten year age gap is nice .
if he still does not enjoy your company , move on .
because they do not fell secure with uneducated men ...
for one thing , if it does not work out , you lose your employment .
i hope to the creator it does not ever pass !
only the ones that are not worth your time .
you all do not have any excuse to dislike each other .
if you do not you will always wonder .
some people choose not to because of their religion and others do not .
give it a chance because if you break up with them it will be harder to be friends .
i wish you the best of luck .
that was men who were not ready to commit .
this is a big day for both of you , do n't be so rash in you decisions .
i have a man willing to move 1400 miles to be with me .
i must not be hideous then .
that is okay , i am generous .
it depends on the woman and what she wants .
remember that it takes two , not only one .
stay around until the bar closes , or visit a prison .
because , believe it or not , women dislike men with big egos .
you should stick with what you feel inside .
sadly it happened to me twice .
i do not know , perhaps you are young .
regardless of what he says , actions speak louder than words .
there is nothing in the world like an obese woman .
do not sell yourself , even if he is wealthy .
i am a thirty-year-old homosexual man who recently moved to sacramento .
the people who are near you now , such as your friends , should like you no matter what .
because they like the small breasts and genitalia .
you should wait until you are both older and if you still feel the same way then pursue it .
yes , although i am not one of those persons , i do know that there are a lot of them .
no , not if you need to ask .
because they are girls and they are less sophisticated than we are .
does this mean that he is interested in me ?
i dated someone like this , so i understand .
see the way that she walks .
no ( at least i am hoping not ) .
hello , i desire to visit your country .
over time , should i allow him another chance ?
the same man you desire to be in a relationship with ?
i went and he was there .
why did you call it that ?
that way you can still go by your last name .
i did tell her that i like her and she said that she liked me also .
you can join a community website with live chat and webcam chat .
show her your nude infant photographs .
but i am telling you to be celibate until then .
if he is flirting with her , then attack him .
i love curly hair . i like to run my fingers through it .
i want my wife to grow up , too .
well , that is the way it is , i suppose .
i can toss him to side and forget about him like last night 's trash .
however , he was a little busy afterward .
she knows how much i care about him , so i do not know what to do .
just quit if you do eat something like that .
it could be that you need to use the restroom , or perhaps the last dream you had was the cause .
you know , if he wants to wear my pants , then all he has to do is ask me . sheesh !
if you were friends before and have stronger feelings now , then it should be okay .
i want to try again .
figure out what style of arrangement you would like and flowers .
lie , and then lie some more .
wait until you find out and confirm , then go from there .
if you two are at dance class , it should n't matter .
trust him , and do n't bring the topic up again .
most women are waiting for a man to tell her what he truly feels .
i actually think about this occasionally .
i became acquainted with a gentleman one time , romance galore . we first met amidst this incredible rainstorm .
all right , presently certain men like women of that type and others , not as much .
it takes place subsequent to `` three play '' and prior to `` five play . ''
on occasion i 'm in a romance with someone , i suffer embarrassment .
should a query be required , the message is that i 've not fallen in love .
if you feel it coming on , start the foreplay again .
i do not understand . can someone please give me the answer ?
it was no hassle to save 500/600 $ doing my own flowers .
ask a woman about the symptoms , because i am male .
women enjoy a little toughness , or most of them do . but mostly , be yourself .
follow your heart because it is never wrong .
they bother you all day .
see if he calls , or if he emails you to see if he cares .
you can perform a citizen 's arrest .
usually a back spasm .
by now , you may love your wife for everything the two of you have endured .
good luck . i hope everything goes well .
say , `` i love you '' and if they hesitate to say it back , that says everything .
attempt once again to invite her on a date and evaluate her response .
no method exists for forcing a person to feel romantically towards you .
pose queries to her ( avoid simply conversing ) .
also , do n't forget that an excess of just one exists !
i personally think that they look better than a lot of the other nations out there .
we we remarried .
all-in-all , i do not believe that it really matters .
i would not drive for five hours just to spend time with someone unless i really liked her a lot .
how often could you have sex with pam anderson ?
i told her that i loved her , and am being sincere about my love .
think about how wonderful it was .
i am a person that does n't want to harm another soul .
give out a rose and express your love .
i like them thick because i feel cheated with a thin one !
because opposites attract and we always find a partner for life .
i have no idea what you are trying to say .
if you continue speaking to him for another week , he may start to think he is married to you .
women do no want too much other than to be acknowledged and helped at times .
at least that is what it seems like to me .
do n't be afraid to say no .
dump him , there are always more fish in the sea .
to me , it really does n't matter but a hand full is white enough for me .
choose the one that adores you the most .
you still released at least one thousand .
you visit a bar and drink until you are inebriated .
give it time and thought .
no , you should n't leave them , just teach them how to better please you .
bembie reached the proper conclusion .
no , you two should kiss when you are ready .
jules sac is funny but he is mean also .
if you are asking this , then you must have already distanced yourself from her and remained her friend at the same time .
do not attempt to figure it out , that is just the way that it is .
i do not know , but i have knowledge of another webpage that i visit..
okay , it depends on how deeply you are starting to experience emotions for this boy !
he has to be very controlling .
it all depends on how interested the girl is in getting with the man in question .
try and go outside to meet new people .
usually it is more than just one thing .
that is if you truly adore them .
men : do you prefer a larger or a smaller woman ?
if your only interaction is argumentative , it is not worth it .
you simply must be patient and the correct young woman will arrive .
wife , because then you can do more without committing a sin .
it depends . some days i want to have intercourse , others i do not .
also , they are more passionate during intercourse .
maybe it is because you are the most beautiful girl they have ever seen .
it really depends on whether someone is vain or not .
i want someone i can be myself with .
can you send me a picture of you and contact me ?
you need to stay away from your guy friend .
the doctor does not believe it .
if not , do n't concern yourself .
i could assist you with some details .
if it feels as if your love is fading , do n't ignore it .
i will not be in a relationship with an individual i do not have confidence in .
i only told a woman that i loved her once , and i meant it .
you married him for a reason .
tear your shirt off and yell as tarzan does .
yes , woman down there , do not have intercourse .
they accept this in their culture .
always go trail riding with company .
you did n't give us very useful information , where do all of you live ?
move on , who cares if he is attractive .
you just need to be yourself .
i apologize , but i have never felt that way .
i sure would not like any woman who would make my life difficult .
if he gets them first , then you get the popcorn .
let 's practice . ask me if i am doing good .
if you are sure , however , then you should tell your parents is you have not already done so .
i met mine in a carnival .
are you posing a rhetorical question ?
i am of the opinion that everyone should keep their own name .
your first kiss , however , should be heavenly .
nothing good will happen at that place .
here is the best way to make a woman happy .
my advice is to not do things that can allow you to get hurt .
you will absolutely make more money if you work hard .
please do not approach her and tell her how nice she looks .
i do not think it is a good idea , because you are not there for that purpose .
ask her if she is single .
he would make a great valentine .
be ready to let her go .
do not sit there and wait until he realizes that you are a good one .
get a massage , and get away from it all .
well , if you are really attracted to this guy , then smile and speak nicely to him .
take them both out at the same time .
it happened to me , and now i am dating that person .
it is easy to make friends .
you might be overlooking the type of men who like you .
you should find someone who does not hate you .
we tried to move on , but it did not work .
i would not bother with calling him back .
attempt to avoid him and find another man .
search for another attractive woman in order to make her jealous .
in my opinion , you are not promiscuous .
red stands for love , black stands for death , and so on .
if she likes him then she does not like you so let her go because it is not his fault that she strays .
for me , i could start to forget about you once three days have passed .
find a talented girl who is also pretty .
there is no one you can trust more than a good friend .
begin the day with breakfast , then perhaps a nice walk .
pick then up then , is she yes .
if the answer is ye , then why do i hear many girl stating flowers will not last ?
it may be that it is interesting for them .
will it ever return back to normal ?
it is n't so bad , at least it is n't bella .
you could confess to her and have a fairytale-like romance .
finally , a culture that ho as it right .
my twin will not talk or listen to me .
you want to get something you can not get rid of , go ahead .
only i am not thinking about him , but i am having dreams about him .
if you are talking ten , then i believe it would be find to get a video or computer game .
if he does not know how to dance , then take him somewhere with slow-dances , like a dinner date .
in a family life , this is the most beautiful .
it is your choice not to dislike one , i despise them all , to say the least .
never get married without a prenuptial agreement .
get a life and do not waste mine .
is she saying you are too good for her ?
guys will come and go , but friends will be friends forever .
it could mean a variety of things .
yes , it is normal . there are plenty of people who are still attracted to someone they broke up with .
i would like to see what a black female has to say about this .
men are stupid ! who knows why they do what they do ?
well , you do not have to wait at all , if they give you their phone number .
because we are all masters of the universe .
i am in love and do not care who knows it .
do not try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .
you would not be asking if you really wanted to be with him .
it is ok to be friends with someone online , but there should be limits .
my sister closes her eyes to get ready when she kisses someone .
just a small party for the family .
girls are perverts ; they just hide it and act like perverts around other girls secretly .
and i am only in fifth grade .
you do what you want .
refrain from that course of action , it will not be successful .
should they fail to do so , the moment has arrived to continue apace .
he possessed all the qualities i desired , with his attractiveness , wealth , and other factors .
correct , also it is a portender of misfortune to glimpse the betrothed at the marriage ceremony .
no , she is not a liar .
he also had his nose pierced .
yes , i can lift him , he only weights 185 pounds .
you need to speak to a therapist .
some perverted men fetishize young looking asian women .
you should speak to a therapist .
giving you a vapid excuse , and acting differently from before .
be strong , and do n't lose hope .
no , he is too big and i am too weak
i find it unattractive if she is so drunk she becomes loose .
most definitely on those occasions when you have no desire to do so .
he dribbles , shoots , and scores : two points .
sacrificing it simply to maintain his presence in your life is akin to making a deal with the devil for your immortal soul .
i 'm unable to offer a wife-based opinion , however , i 'm hoping my assessment is equally valuable .
and it eases the pressure i 'm feeling to invite somebody .
it is the woman 's decision .
ask in english , no one here understands you .
i am a man , and i can give you some insight .
i like him so much , and i want to be with him .
i like this man very much , and i do not know if he feels the same way .
by the way , your avatar looks familiar .
it has been more than six months , and i can not seem to get over it .
perhaps he believes that he will be denied ; just ask him , which is what i would do .
i suggest that you consider that point , and it should be helpful in determining whether you can trust him .
a picture of the two of you , the shape of a heart , from when you were first dating . that is special .
i am in college , and he is my only source of income until i graduate .
i have been in a relationship with this girl for 8 months , and we have not yet kissed . is this bad ?
some men are n't at all attracted to breasts .
she only wants to see other people ?
we have seen each other , everyday , for approximately four to five years .
that was his destination , so he got off of the train .
i know what i want in a relationship .
he might ask you on a date if you flirt , and send flowers and candies to myself .
i do not like seeing my dad unhappy .
i feel bad because i know that i snore sometimes . most people do , right ?
i like s.o.s and need to know if i 'm in love .
if you guys truly love each other then you can work out all the fighting .
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits .
however that does n't mean that big girls ca n't be cute .
but he is getting married this month .
but those guys are mean and you do not want them anyway .
and get married only after you have been with a guy for more than 2 years .
men have a penis and women have a clitoris .
separate the bad thing and move on .
if she tells the administration i will be expelled because it is pakistan , not america .
you should get to know her and eventually you or her will ask each other out .
perhaps you and i can get together some time and we will fall in love with each other .
i would be , but i just got married !
play the field for a bit right now .
i agree with everyone else , do n't marry too early .
have you been to the doctor yet ?
pay attention to what everyone else is saying .
just talk to your spouse about this .
if you are into sixth graders you are obviously young .
ask if they want to go somewhere with you .
a trip to a amusement park such as a roller coaster or even a theatrical museum are fun .
do men truly prefer bigger women ?
the problem is that i truly like him .
should i break up with him because of his mother ?
i did it before , accidentally , and my friend was mad that i deleted him .
i do not believe i mind , either way .
that is her way . you could try it that way or you could keep your eyes open .
some do that , but you should be able to tell .
are you talking about your avatar ?
i do not remember giving a woman a christmas gift , unless i liked her .
i do not know what to do .
try to be yourself and do not show off .
just take it day-by-day and step-by step to figure out how he lost a good thing .
make it an honest compliment about her .
i think she will hurt him .
it means she is interested in the guy .
i am thinking you might get harmed .
we are now only just divorced .
if the suggest a salacious photo , they would like to have intercourse .
at least she did n't give you a fake number .
tell her to move to massachusetts .
you should not get married if you feel this strongly about it .
i would pick maui or the bahamas .
the guy that i like is mad at me .
do not worry , you are only 13 .
try this which will result in you not worrying about the appropriate amount of calls to him .
as a guy , i can say , we men love to chase women .
thanks for the talk .
we tend to push away the ones that we love .
they believe that they can control the lives of others when they can not .
that is strange but i do not know . i will talk with my friend by his locker .
if a man cares , then he calls .
what is a special gift i can give to my brother-in-law on his birthday ?
he probably is n't interested either .
some men do , and some men do not .
the timing was not right with the former man , you will see .
generally kind and my fifth . i will only be disappointed if she is unintelligent .
it is one of the presents which we can always give ourselves .
i do not believe that trust needs to be earned because how is that even possible to do ?
do not let her rule your life , she will need to learn how to cope with it .
i have yahoo email and that works fine for me .
i would not worry too much about that .
yes , that trickster has never had a chance .
it is a good sign when you can fart in front of the person you are dating .
that depends on the person 's age .
any man who says he would , is likely not being entirely honest with himself .
if you flirt with him , the challenge is not there .
if you need your ex emotionally , then you may have some issues .
she should be 20 to 32 . she does not have to be younger than you .
maybe she does not love you , but try to use your brain and not your heart .
there a lot of inexpensive ideas out there , you need to find what you like and work with it .
if you are worried about it performance wise , you should not .
find another girl if that does not work , move back
almost without exception ( not constantly ) those are men similar in age to yourself , more or less .
if your behavior is always as it is now , she may come to believe you 're in a state of desperation .
not every participant present is attending educational courses .
shall i take the initial action or shall i bide my time until he takes the initial action ?
after a while , you do not see the color .
i am trying to get the nerve to ask her on a date .
if you two are serious , then if you ask her that question , if should not bother her .
why do you want to ask her out ?
would you like to go on a date with me ?
those were some wonderful times .
it is all about her , and that is n't what should happen on a first date .
do you really want to get married to someone you constantly argue with ?
you are too good for them .
depending on the age , compact disc or digital video discs .
start from the beginning and then work your way to 20 years down the road .
i would like to visit the united states . what are important items to bring ?
you sound live a very lovely person , so do not allow these women to make you feel bad .
you do not search . go outside , enjoy yourself , and a girlfriend will come along .
do not pursue it . he is getting married .
is it like clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?
when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her on the lips and then it is up to you .
please be honest with me because i can handle the truth .
it demonstrates how much they care about you .
let her know that you miss her and love her .
coffee ; lunch ; site-seeing ; walk , talk or play in the park ; visit a museum ; go to a movie matinee .
what you want is a prostitute . you can locate one in any part of the world .
however , now we do all of these activities together and i do not know what to do .
because if it fails , you will be in trouble .
and it has been the best thing for me .
the problem is that he recently cheated , and it was very damaging .
if you are happy , she should be happy . unless she is toxic to the relationship .
we like when men do things for us and think about us .
perhaps if you allow him to be alone for a time , then he will call you back .
tell him that you do not want a real relationship .
if you are strange-looking and you stare , then they will think you are leering .
i do n't know if he loves you , but i am positive he is interested in you .
if a man really respects you , he will understand you .
reflect on you actions and then decide . if you are capable of affording it , do what you would like .
he is the only superhero that is relatable to an average joe .
sometimes a little struggle is worth it in the end . the good will always outweigh the bad .
i do not think that it is wise to date people that you work with .
let it take its course from there .
i asked them what they think about gay marriage and relationships .
of course , i had to ask him if he was ignoring me .
men will believe you to be attractive no matter what , usually .
but i do not believe that he will be unfaithful or leave you due to lack of intercourse .
marriage is about trust and communication .
i also had this problem .
it depends on who you kissed .
it depends on whether you can trust him at all .
just get your point across to her and make sure that you do not make her abhor you .
where have you been meeting these women from the philippines .
that way you are n't exactly telling them what you specifically do n't like about them .
if he is then go for it .
see if she 's open for a dinner and a movie .
hey , i 'm sorry . i do n't know and i wish the best of luck to both of you .
however , i find him looking at me every now and then .
we have started our own sins .
for me , fun includes eating meals .
make a nice move , and if there is no response , she is not interested .
let him make the first move , because if you do it might look like you are obsessed with him .
you should not get married .
my tragic love story was that we both loved each other very much .
you seem desperate , and you will never find one if you are desperate .
but he swears that we are merely friends .
appearance is not important unless you are attempting to prove something .
i realize that once you have sex with him , he no longer remains a good friend .
from my perspective , when a man is very self centered , i find that it makes him far less appealing .
you should take your time and feel all your emotions come to life .
it is a two way street ; until you get them , you will know which one it is .
you have one child out of wedlock .
i realize i am overly selective when it comes to people ; how can i stop this ?
it hurts a good deal ; perhaps some young women might say that is it ?
i am going to surprise that young man ; is that the correct choice ?
it was a good idea .
if she gets drunk , then it is not a turn off .
some women send men minuscule messages without saying it clearly .
i would prefer if they left me alone . i apologize for going off topic .
ask her to go do something she is interested in , or see a movie she would like .
it is too bad that it is not automatic such as msn or aol are .
that is how they will react to it , so yes it is a bad situation for you both .
you should go back to that person as soon as you can , before it becomes too late .
i also would like to slap that smile off of her face .
ask him if he would like to dance with you .
she might say that a different color looks better .
ask him to see a doctor .
i never went on a second date with him .
why did you break up ?
go ahead and do it .
if he does not mind , no one else 's opinion matters .
i am still in love with him .
i do not want to have sex again .
the most important issue , is not attempt to retaliate at the individual that wronged you .
if it 's necessary to question other people , i do not believe that your ready .
i 'm a female , i state things such as that .
a great savings area are flowers .
time will tell . in six months , we 'll see what occurs .
you may be the only one with whom he can have sex .
from the list you have provided , i would select spiderman .
i was the victim of cheating for three of those years .
it seems that all of the male senior students think that freshmen girls are promiscuous , which unfortunate .
if he say 's yes then you can tell him .
impress her with affection and love .
if you have , what was it like ?
celebrate valentines day with joy and fun , give each other gifts and have fun .
you have to actually be her friend , for real .
are u asking me a rhetorical question ?
i did n't wan na be mean
chicks like to beat around the bush instead of just saying what they want
let 's grab some coffee , talk , and go from there
when my dad is not happy , it tears me up .
just ask him if he thinks you should go to the doctor .
he probably just has other things on his mind to deal with than you .
i do n't think he gon leave you or cheat cus y'all not doing it .
i feel like i 'm gon always feel like that , am i gon always feel like that ?
i mean he could like all the playing an anticipation an playing .
let me do it again .
some guys shave , but it depends on the woman ...
if your really into this guy , just smile and be nice to him !
idk if he loves you , but he def likes you !
ah women are so complicated ...
i 'm too picky , i know , but i do n't know how to stop !
sure sounds a bit fem .
if there 's more good than bad , then it might be worth it .
only if the two of you agree on this .
y do u like the 1 boy who picks on u ?
guys dont think they need u until your gone sometimes
you should n't be afraid of saying no if a guy asks you .
is love something i want ?
dun keep looking at them like that , they 'll think you 're leering or somethin'
yeah , i think you 're right , that mess is confusing
how do i get my so to show his affection ?
but only if you really care deeply about them .
just because he has money , do n't let him buy you .
you 're wonderful , so do n't let these other women change how you feel .
idk about that , but i can tell you about another site i go to .
seriously , please think about just how many stuck up women are in the world .
if that aint your man then you would look loose .
he wanted to know if i 'd want to use his chapstick .
you being mistreated by a dude is wrong
aint happening cause hes big and im a little thing .
if he says yes tell him
how did you screw up ?
king 's song : only your mother loves you .
why be with him if he 's mean to you ?
if you have , what was it like ? ? ?
her getting too drunk is n't a turnoff
only if that is what you want !
it 's like pulling out of a drug addiction .
damn , next time i date someone , i 'm doing that
what do u want though ?
ya 'll seem ok with it , idk .
if u let her take over ; she just got ta deal .
it 's plenty of thirsty ass fish out there , so you 'll be right ' !
its not possible for any man to give you every single thing you want .
find yourself if u wan na stay married to someone .
start off with a basic question you hear everyday , and move on from there .
ask if they wan na go on a date somewhere special with you .
dont bring it up again and just trust him .
i am nervous but trying to work up the courage to try it : )
find someone who loves you like you do them .
come see me to get me .
do n't go near this guy .
i hate 'em all but that 's up to you .
probably 3 or 4 .
hes a player ... . he 's been telling that to loads of girls
my past girlfriends were n't right and i knew that when i met my wife
yeah well do n't have them both at once !
theres more to life than just sex
ive got ta yahoo email and that 's all i need
for me , fun includes eating meals . yuh got me so far ?
however , he was a little busy afterward .
dat will just be sexual intercourse .
do not approach huh and let huh know dat yuh find huh looks very attractive .
sounds like you are going through a lot right now ...
but you should ask a girl about the symptoms , bc i 'm a guy
i always felt like then but then i met by true love and changed !
your bff could be a good person to marry if nothing else works out
i just would n't be able to walk up and say , how would you like to go out with me .
unless you know him like a brother , your really putting your neck in a noose .
it ca n't be good or bad if you feel that strongly about it .
they ’ re an annoyance alllllll day ... .
two options ; go to hawaii or just pay some one .
i can drop him and never think about it again and act like he means nothing .
its a clear liquid that turns yellow when its dry
its not fun when she is drunk and on your friend 's lap
he was a control freak like that fifty shades dude
determination is one thing we can do to make us better
do n't be getting married less u been wit him at least 2 years
heeeeeeeeeeeyyyy and ( ( ( hug ) ) ) to all my girls at cone ! ! ! !
when you 're together , just b yourself .
i got no clue what you 're talking about .
this dude asked me to spoon wit him !
why do guys even do that ?
few good girls are left . u got ta find em in the right place
move on or work it out with her
get a hold of yourself . u got ta love someone and talk to em
find a talented hot girl
that doesnt mean ur a slut
its the only time in ur life u can live out true love !
you got ta find the answer yourself for this ...
60 days and your over it
the color wont bother you shortly
he 's waiting to see you interested first - make a move girl ...
shes not into you ! ! ! !
no worries grl..you not a hoe ; p
sorry honey , but you cannot control how another person feels , if its meant to be it will happen .
looks like time to move on , you got better options just go through that door.. the world awaits .
has the doc ever given you a pap smear ?
well , all i can say about that is yes and i 'm proud of my long black beautiful hair .
my friend is going thru the same thing .
maybe you 're just young , idk
i 'm not gon na say my name but yea , i know her and worked with her for years
if you love him then just tell him
if you think she 's hot then go with it
if you can afford to do it and still want to do it then just do it ! ! !
you got ta go back to the way things were , so u can stay alive
yo , she ain't trying to take that shit to the next level ? !
flirting and what not is n't cute
i guess some girls would say it really hurts .
it 'd be lots easier if i was mad
if they 've moved on then you probably should too
ur punishment is no tube for a month .
if ya tell him it wo n't be crazy , cuz you 've known each other a long time .
i do n't get it , can you say it simpler ?
let them see all your talents .
unless its with the wrong guy
my bf does n't wan na let go , he loves me
depends whether they brunette or not
its got ta be played out after a while
who does n't like to hear how sexy they are ?
the clubs in downtown houston are all the rage !
hey , good luck and do your homework !
go natural , no one likes a made up face
if you think he 's cool , ask him out
we just got divorced
someone told me women have no feelings
words mean less than actions
i want it to be pink but idk what to pair it with
look for calls , emails or signs of caring .
always listen to her , pay attention , and do n't change the subject .
he 's where the bucks come from till i graduate .
she 'll tell ya if it wo n't work .
either way , i 'll take it .
do n't eat where u shit
try getting blond highlights : )
do n't worry about him , concentrate on ur classes and ur boyfriend
probs should n’t have done that..
foreplay is key and should last at least 5 mins .
anything meaningful i can give my brother in law for his birthday ?
try to be down to earth and don ’ t brag too much .
if it 's no , then you got ta move on .
it should feel like you 're up with the angels when you have your first smooch .
of everything i 've experienced during life with my family , this is the most lovely .
you just got ta be you , and that 's essential .
that 's something i can do with at least three guys i know .
can i kick his ass if hes flirting with her ?
hang out with the 13 or 14 year olds
tell him that yall want to be friends and u r sad that he acted like an idiot .
that 's cool it 's kind of like your dad is giving his blessing .
let him ask you out unless you are really that desperate .
if he insists , then it means he only wants so have sex .
i like being sill w/ u , that 's why i ask silly questions
is that how u feel ?
give your bro some cash and tell him to scram
he might call
just think of your life without her/him !
i def pick the domestic goddess
do u luv her deeply ? !
men get bored before females do ! ! !
you can save money with flowers
if you are n't happy , you got ta fix it or get out
just cuz he has potential to be a good bf does n't mean he is
you can do a citizen 's arrest on the guy
having a big pecker do n't mean nothing , you can still be bad in bed
yah , that looks amazing on any chick
guys hate secrets
ya , depends on the guy .
people asked me what the big rush was
they both dont care about ur feelings
i see him every week in psr but i dont have the balls to talk to him !
he can stay far away from me acting like a fool like that all the time
a man who saves them legs is sexy .
which is it gay or curiosity ?
i think they do .
its screwed and aint nothing that can change it .
i had sex first time in a park at 16
they have n't met in person bu are in love
ask if he wan na dance with u
have faith and live life
i dont know if ur sad , but i wan na have sex
he knows u like him . ask him out
do n't worry . tell him
i would n't drive for 5 hours with someone unless i liked em
can she talk to a friend via phone
go one have your bro day and go play some sports .
new love makes you flighty , happy and buzzing just to think of our new love .
i ca n't live without my husband ... and he wo n't live without me .
when we love someone - why 's it that we always pushing them away ? ?
if you both still feel the same , then by all means .
i call you `` man '' to describe you .
i prefer a and b cups
any girl looks hot next to an ugly guy
same happened here . im dating em now
just be straight with your feelings about her .
give her shots of you in your birthday suit .
why do gays want to get hitched ?
we did it on the hood of my car as it drizzled . fo shizzle !
girls like guys that act like kids , that 's why men act that way .
try it a few times and you 'll get the hang of it .
a lot of people fantasize during sex .
right now i think he 's made and does n't wan na be w/ you
if anyone knows the answer please lmk !
red is love , black is death , etc . etc . etc .
i like thicker ppl - thin ppl make me feel cheated !
if you dunno ask someone who does !
after that comes the good part , when he tries to make it up to you .
the one that teases you is usually the one who really likes you .
okay , i 've been into this one girl since i was a freshman in high school .
did you see her staring at you ?
i did n't know life could be so great !
what works best for you both ?
at least she gave you her digits .
i dont think your a slut
they can get married if they have no self control
she calls him a lot
i do n't need to , you already are .
loved him a lot , not sure if he loves you too .
do i break up with him cause of his mom ?
make a move , she 's into you or nit .
i have some friends that only date for 6 months before getting hitched
show her your skills !
you 'll look so silly !
that a culture that got it right
if u dont ask , ill keep wondering
dont worry too much
what the worst that 'll happen
i dont know what to do . i hate what she did
find someone who dont hate u
omg please do n't be rude ...
some guys just do n't like to dance in front of other people .
people are so stupid these days
it depend if u trusted him prior
ugly fat men cant accept what they get
people choose spouses for a reason
its not worth my time if you 're going to just bicker
dont ask you cellmate that question !
u wan na no if i like u
what do u kiss
girls are curious about lesbian sex
22 is fine . its okay if she is not younger
your decisions is easier now
well , he cheated , so i can carry my husband
just try to get the best out of it
do you think you want a new friend ?
there 's something about him that just screams `` valentine ! ''
i feel like i keep getting tempted and it 's tough being good .
does it get comfortable or boring when you are a year in ?
it is all about when you feel ready enough .
duhhh ... i want to meet some women .
it 's just how it is .
it 's ok to be online friends but got ta have limits
do u think u can picture having a family with him ? ? ?
if he says no , hes not good enough to begin with
to tell u the truth you 'll learn . but u got ta experience life
hopefully ... ..you married yo boo cuz u love him .
i know i have someone waiting for me at home .
go get a massage ... .get away from everything ! ! lol
where do i even start ? ? ?
it depends ... are you attractive and fit ?
you talking about ur avatar ?
if a guy cares ... he will call
i think there ’ s definitely a difference from sex and making love .
no no no a kid does n’t mean you have to stay together .
say girl , you come from the city or countryside ?
school first , a wife and kids can always wait til later .
ive never been to it .
you wan na be dating that same guy ?
how often is it possible to do it with pam anderson ?
say what you mean , but be sure you do n't get her pissed off at you .
my mom has the big c , and this just hits right where it hurts .
i luv running my fingers thru curly hair
i mean the both of you ! !
just b patient , the right girl will come
i want my wife to grow also ( ; lol
he 's shy so u should make the first move
the doc was also surprised
maybe you think no , but i think yes
only lil boys not men
try something like would you like to hangout sometime
it could happen to anyone even me twice
you should n't feel obligated to go out with him
well obviously you do n't want to be with him otherwise you would n't be asking me that .
i hope this does n't end .
women just want a man to be open about his feelings .
women like to be more into sex .
keep trying to impress her .
lean towards me and give me a soft peck right on the forehead .
i 'm not like that , but there 's a lot of them out there .
it depends on how much you are starting to get into this boy .
thanks for the pep in advance !
why would they want to get married ? ! ?
approach softly and chase us !
let 's go to an amusement park or a museum .
i like this person but dont know if im in love
do u like fake or manicured nails
plan what u want . dont worry about others
i dont get u
that perfume is dope
most men do n't care i think , but it really depends on the person .
it has nothing to do with being weak , obedient , or naive .
do n't get married too early in a relationship .
if you plan on cheating on your wife , you 're not cool .
do the very best impression of yourself , and if he 's down to clown he 'll lip you up
you do n't wan na be with anyone else but them
he 's getting married , just stop
did you tell her that the day check-ins were annoying ?
my neighbour hit on me asap
most teen boys enjoy teen girls who like sex .
he played basketball well .
do n't stress .
you must be a troll
fear , anger , revenge : these are the forces of the dark side
he loved me enough to close the long distant relationship from 1400 miles away to home
u been to a doc yet ? ?
she 's no shrew but that thin one was definitely !
dont waste my time ... go do something !
its like eating too much chocolate and they bitching that u got fat
i went there and he was there
go for it he single !
men like him will beat their wives if they don ’ t obey
do you think he ’ s hot or not ? ?
if u haven ’ t yet , tell ur parents if you ’ re sure
sadly , you 're going to get shut down by many people in your life .
do you think he 's on the same page when it comes to the feels ?
there 's that four letter word that a man just ca n't say unless he really feels it .
he is totally digging you , so you got ta let him know .
i think everyone should keep their damn name .
friends are forever , guys sleep around tho .
think of it like love .
you got ta have your relationship ready for the four seasons .
some guys like some girls , not all types tho .
if you want kids be a stay at home mom .
what do u think of the young guy with the older woman ?
he just keeps going
it 'd have to be love there 's no alternative
your self image is also important though
well i 'm a girl and i say them things
girls can be just as perverted ; )
flowers are nice , tho they do n't last super long ...
there are movies i still have n't seen
she is so sweet , def the person you are looking for !
hey , use your brain not your manhood - maybe she loves you !
ur name sounds like a chick 's name , bruh ... no diss , tho
meh , do n't waste your time calling him back
no women i got the hots for around , i picked my neighbor 's old lady instead !
not gon na have a good marriage without trust & communication , dude
do n't listen to ppls advice , most of the time they wrong
what do you think i should do to get wit her ?
maybe u should give a rose 2 show ur love 4 dem
it 's weird but not bad weird .
find what 's right for both of you , dude .
they 're not kids but we 're more mature by far .
yep , like when she puked .
need more info to help more ...
kissing is kissing , theres no right or wrong to it .
think it over , do n't rush the decision
it sok to have fun with guy friends
i think its more of a trust problem tbh
i need help figuring this out !
u better move on if that man do n't want u
he aint interested either ...
diy is the way 2 go
why do you always work and fix things ?
i really meant it when i told her i loved her .
it just seems like all the male seniors think all freshmen girls are easy .
how do i just kiss him ?
you should just check the deleted items , it might be there .
i think you 'll find a nice chick to go out with eventually
bad idea , you 're not there for that crap
the list is endless , tbh
brokeback mountain and stuff , but ... you 'll be ecstatic even if it is a dude
do n't base your relationship on sex and you 'll do fine
you are correct sir ! never ever ever look at your future wife before the wedding ceremony begins .
keep calm , hold on , and you 'll do great !
uhh it 's just a small party for close family members ...
do n't do it if you are n't sure about the performance portion .
i just got married actually .
it depends on how old they are and how they were raised .
you 'll have to decide a last name once u have kids .
your kid is gonna have a really rough time with no father in its life .
men that dont have hair are ugly to me , they look like a kid lol .
find out the score of the last game
if you love him you need to get rid of your x
best way to get hitched ... cheap and quick in vegas !
i wan na know more about u
i like c or d size . nothing bigger
just lie and keep lying
i 've never seen them perform so it extra awesome !
wife does n't wear that mess
we do n't know how you look !
opposites attract and every pot has its lid
i think its better than my personal life
dont go to the same places with her and you did with your ex
talk with your bro and see if its ok
that 's odd.. it worked for me in 3-5 days
it pisses me off when he teases you about small shit .
no , i am not hitched yet .
there are a ton of guys into big girls , and most are black men .
stay with him if you care about him , and you should n't care what others think .
do they make fun of you when you and him are together ?
do n't get married if you feel this way .
depends on whether a person is full of themself ...
ya got ta move on and find someone who does n't hate ya ...
you should be to know her and then one of you guys will ask the other out !
i asked him he was blowing me off ...
maybe some younger sick guys like younger asian chicks .
make sure this is your choice .
tell him u want it casual
its difficult and lots of problems
the past few years have been ok , but not always easy peasy .
srsly , it 's been 4 , maybe 5 years , and there has n't been a day we have n't seen each other .
just think of me as the man of your dreams , and be mine .
it never hurt anyone to let their flirt flag fly !
stick to what you kno in your gut .
good luck babes !
well ... ive been with this one girl 8 months and not kissed her , is it bad ?
got ta be the girls decision !
imo they 're better looking than other countries
it 'd be fine the day after
just see if shes free for dinner and a movie
some men are inconsiderate assholes when it comes to women
can you speak english i have no idea what yr saying
i have never felt that , soz
gotta remember , no bird ever flown w/ 1 wing
i think bout this all the time
if u dont stop looking so down you 'll never find a significant other
i just met a chick and i wan na know if shes into it
keep busy while waiting for the phone to do its thing .
be yourself , do n't change for anyone .
if he do n't appreciate you , leave him .
he might really love you . or he 's just doing it to hurt is dad .
do it before you run out of time
that girl does n't need a man who is gon na betray her .
yo what a black girl say bout this
yo help me beat this chick at debate
they 're pretty much dudes the same age as you , mostly
when are people ever going to understand ?
really , what am i gon na do ?
ya go to a bar and drink till your drunk !
i acted that way with my current bf
if you got ta ask ... then no ...
do n't sit around waiting till he realizes how great you are
thought i divorced them but it still goes on ... .
she will just think you are an ass if you do that .
you should try to date girls since guys offend you
my ex of 3 years of being together cheated on me
eh , i say give it 6 months - time will tell ! !
here is how the one i like went
not all gentlemen break up
its fun to go there . lots to do
can u kiss on first date
i have a close female friend
the want to sex each other
i am too nice according to my friends , and i should say no to him .
theres always san exception right ?
some guys do but not every single one .
if you do that then you will be able to keep your last name .
say hello and ask if she has a bf
that turned me on , but i left
fat girls can be hot
all tha ppl here are not here for school .
if u practice over & over u will be able to unwrap both cherry stems and starbursts with ur tongue like me .
if you gim me your vote for best answer , i will pay the bill .
looking in public is probably the best idea , plus you will feel safe there..
tease him see if he bites ... .
then i do n't have to ask anyone direct .
say yes it 'll be fun !
she never forgets when i screw up .
how do i approach her so she does n't think i 'm a guy with bad intentions ? ?
as a guy ... let me enlighten you
no prob , you ’ re just 13 .
trail ride with a friend every time all the time .
if it ’ s meant to be they everything will work out .
eye contact , it ’ s what it ’ s all about .
he 's a weakling , i can pick him up !
he will have to start over to get your trust back .
why would you wan na go out with her ?
hopefully you 'll review this thoroughly .
play t or d together .
got ta confirm it and go from there .
that 's dumb u need a theory class 4 that .
quit if you eat something like that
i want some from that girl .
be blunt and confront him , that 's how you will know
jamie 's going to ask rubi out .
both of you need to have some guts and end this thing
could be interesting for them to learn about it ...
he dribbles he shoots he scores ! ! ! two points !
do guys really like big girls ?
he def loves you too , but time will tell ...
if he resects you he 'll get it
we 're the source of our own sin
that response works for me
u can still like him . but move on